Title: Reviews: Dear‑Lover Dropshipping - One-click dropshipping of high-quality trendy women's clothing | Shopify App Store
URL: https://apps.shopify.com/dear-lover-dropshipping-1/reviews
Final-URL: https://apps.shopify.com/dear-lover-dropshipping-1/reviews
Lane: demand
Source-Class: directory
Status: verified
Observed: 2026-07-11
Words: 2281
Query: site:apps.shopify.com reviews "support" "expensive" inventory returns wholesale

Reviews: Dear‑Lover Dropshipping - One-click dropshipping of high-quality trendy women's clothing | Shopify App Store Shopify App Store Search Browse apps Apps by category Sales channels Sync products with marketplaces, product feeds, data backup, point of sale, retail Finding products Source products with dropshipping, print on demand, wholesale, suppliers Selling products Sell more with subscriptions, digital downloads, payments, COD, product options Orders and shipping Handle fulfillment with order tracking, invoices, order printers, shipping labels Store design Customize storefronts with SEO, translation, currency converters, trust badges Marketing and conversion Get customers with reviews, bundles, upsells, checkout, email marketing Store management Scale up with support, chat, FAQs, analytics, workflow automation Guide BFS: Your shortcut to quality apps Guide 2025 Shopify Build Awards More stories Log in Start for free Apps by category Sales channels Finding products Selling products Orders and shipping Store design Marketing and conversion Store management App stories Guide BFS: Your shortcut to quality apps Guide 2025 Shopify Build Awards More stories Start for free Log in Dear‑Lover Dropshipping Install Reviews (59) Overall rating 4.4 Counts per rating level 5 81% of ratings are 5 stars 48 4 3% of ratings are 4 stars 2 3 3% of ratings are 3 stars 2 2 3% of ratings are 2 stars 2 1 8% of ratings are 1 stars 5 Write a review What merchants think popover-modal#close click->popover-modal#nop:stop resize@window-&gt;popover-modal#close" class="tw-relative"> popover-modal#toggle" class="tw-w-5 tw-h-5 md:tw-w-7 md:tw-h-7 tw-cursor-pointer hover:tw-scale-[1.1]"> This is generated by Shopify Magic. It's shown when an app has 100+ reviews and at least a 4.0 overall rating. popover-modal#close click->popover-modal#nop:stop resize@window-&gt;popover-modal#close" class="tw-relative"> popover-modal#toggle" class="tw-block tw-h-full tw-text-left tw-w-7"> Helpful Not helpful Feedback submitted Merchants find this app valuable for sourcing high-quality, trendy apparel at competitive prices, enhancing customer satisfaction and sales. Its user-friendly interface simplifies product sourcing and order management, with seamless integration and efficient inventory syncing. Reliable order processing and fast shipping are crucial for maintaining customer satisfaction. Merchants praise the smooth performance and exceptional customer support, often via WhatsApp, for real-time assistance, streamlining operations and supporting business growth. Show more popover-modal#close click->popover-modal#nop:stop resize@window-&gt;popover-modal#close" class="tw-relative"> Refine 0 filter#clearFilters keydown.enter->filter#clearFilters keydown.space->filter#clearFilters click->popover-modal#close keydown.enter->popover-modal#close keydown.space->popover-modal#close"> Refine popover-modal#close:stop"> By rating 1 (5) 2 (2) 3 (2) 4 (2) 5 (48) Apply sort-by#updateUrl" class="tw-peer tw-appearance-none tw-cursor-pointer tw-absolute tw-top-0 tw-left-0 tw-bottom-0 tw-right-0 tw-opacity-0 tw-z-10" name="sort_by"> Most relevant Date: Newest to oldest Sort June 30, 2026 Dropshipping is so easy! Integrates seamlessly, and is user friendly. Love the huge variety of pieces that fit my shops vibe. Show more Everblue Collective United States 8 months using the app December 22, 2025 Dear Love Dropshipping has been an excellent partner for my business. Their product quality is great, prices are competitive, and order processing is smooth and reliable. Shipping is timely, and the tracking updates are clear, which really helps keep customers satisfied. What stands out the most is their customer support, professional, responsive, and always willing to help resolve any issues quickly. They make dropshipping easy and stress-free. Highly recommended for anyone looking for a trustworthy and efficient dropshipping supplier! Show more AA LLC United States 25 days using the app Dear-Lover Technology Co.,Ltd. replied January 28, 2026 Hi AA LLC, Thank you so much for your wonderful review and recommendation! We’re delighted to know that Dear-Love Dropshipping made a positive difference for you. Your satisfaction is what keeps us going, and your support truly means everything to us. If there’s anything else we can assist you with, we’re just a message away. Thanks again for being part of the Dear-Lover Dropshipping family—we look forward to continuing this journey with you! Warm regards, The Dear-Lover Dropshipping Customer Care Team Show more Edited May 3, 2025 Update 3rd May25 Dear lover have stoped sending my orders since the 29th April and I don’t know why. The lack of communication is diabolical. No update on why orders are delayed- nothing and I’ve messaged them several times with no reply from them I’ve had an order with item missing, and they not responding to my communication Nov 24th: Communication is lacking, but they have showed a light improvement, so have amended this review. Even though I have my settings to not order out of stock items, customers have been able to order out of stock items on 2 occasions now. Show more Beagle Boutique Fashion Outlet United Kingdom 10 months using the app Dear-Lover Technology Co.,Ltd. replied February 27, 2025 Hi Beagle Boutique Fashion Outlet, We are truly sorry to hear about your recent dissatisfaction with our store experience and customer service. Your satisfaction is very important to us, and we regret that we were unable to meet your expectations this time. Regarding the issue with customers being able to place orders after the product is out of stock, can you provide relevant screenshots so that our technicians can review the issue - please contact us at hello@dear-lover.com with the relevant information and we will be happy to resolve the issue for you. In addition, we sincerely apologize if your interaction with our customer support was not as helpful as you should have. We are actively working to improve our service to provide better assistance and a smoother shopping experience. Your feedback is invaluable and we will use it to ensure better support in the future. Please do not hesitate to contact us - we sincerely appreciate your patience and the opportunity to resolve your issue. Best wishes, The Dear-Lover Dropshipping Customer Care Team Show more November 15, 2025 Fantastic service from start to finish. Every order has been handled smoothly with reliable fulfillment and great communication. Big shout-out to Ella, my sales manager at Dear-Lover — she’s always responsive and genuinely supportive. Really appreciate the consistency and the way they take care of their customers!” Show more JAG Universal Collection United States 2 months using the app Dear-Lover Technology Co.,Ltd. replied December 19, 2025 Hi JAG Universal, Thank you for your kind message! We’re so happy to hear that Ella made a difference in your experience. We’ll definitely share your appreciation with [him/her]—feedback like yours means a lot to our team. Please feel free to reach out anytime—we’re always here to support your business journey. Warmly, The Dear-Lover Dropshipping Customer Care Team Show more January 21, 2025 Dear-Lover is helping me streamline the process of my boutique. Making it easy to reach more customers. The quality of their merchandise is very good and I am confident when I sell their product. The shipping is very slow and expensive that is sometimes a challenge and a deal breaker. But I love their merchandise. Show more The BluPepper Boutique United States 8 months using the app Dear-Lover Technology Co.,Ltd. replied February 20, 2025 Hi The BluPepper Boutique, Thank you so much for your wonderful feedback! 💖 We’re thrilled to hear that you and your customers love the quality of our products and that our fast shipping meets your expectations. Providing top-notch products with quick delivery is our priority, and we’re so happy we could make your experience great! We appreciate your support and can’t wait to continue serving you! 🚀✨ Best, The Dear-Lover Dropshipping Customer Care Team Show more Edited January 21, 2025 My number one partner. Dear-Lover Dropshipping is the best. Integration works perfectly and easily. Sync and updates are prompt and accurate. The staff works hard to facilitate transactions and shipping is fast. My customers also respond more positively to Dear-Lover products than other offerings in my store. I look forward to working more with Dear-Lover Dropshipping. Ella is my contact and she always helps to inform me of issues that need attention. What an inredible asset sheis to Dear lover and my company. Show more Chaelisa's New Jammies United States 8 months using the app Dear-Lover Technology Co.,Ltd. replied February 20, 2025 Hi Chaelisa's New Jammies, We’re so grateful for your kind words! 💖 It’s fantastic to hear that you love our product quality, fast shipping, and the outstanding service from Ella. We’ll make sure to share your feedback with them—it’ll make their day! Providing you with top-notch products, quick delivery, and exceptional support is our mission, and we’re thrilled we could meet your expectations. Thank you for trusting us, and we’re always here if you need anything! 🚀✨ Best wishes, The Dear-Lover Dropshipping Customer Care Team Show more May 19, 2024 This app is easy to use but I wish I didn’t have to spend so much to get orders out to my customers .. $33-40 for shipping… Crystal is very good. I Iike how easy you can upload products. I just don’t like that I have to spend close to $40-60 for a item that should cost me less than $15… Anyways this app has high quality items and been around for 15 years great!!! Show more TheBeachedBearBoutiqueLLC United States 8 months using the app Dear-Lover Technology Co.,Ltd. replied July 30, 2025 Hi TheBeachedBearBoutiqueLLC, Thank you so much for your honest feedback and kind words about Crystal and our product quality! We’re glad to hear you find the app easy to use and appreciate the high standards we maintain. Regarding the shipping costs, we understand that shipping fees can sometimes be higher than expected. Our team is continuously working to optimize shipping options and negotiate better rates to help reduce costs for our valued sellers like you. We truly appreciate your patience and support as we improve. If you have any questions or need assistance finding more cost-effective shipping methods or products, please don’t hesitate to reach out. We’re here to help! Thanks again for being part of the Dear-Lover Dropshipping family. Best regards, The Dear-Lover Dropshipping Customer Care Team Show more February 19, 2024 I have to stop what I am doing and compliment the great people at Dear Lover who work so hard to make sure our shipments are not only received on time, but also totally correct. I am excited to hear that our service with "DL" is only going to get better. What a great company, and what a great partner that helps us deliver great customer service to our customers. Show more Secrets Desires Canada 7 months using the app March 4, 2025 I need assistance and the methods that I have found so far are not working. I have issues with the warehouse address and can't find the info that I need anywhere. I have contacted Dear Lover from the website but they continually ask for the sku of the product ordered. I need YOUR WAREHOUSE ADDRESS so that my orders can start fulfilling! Show more ModestAndDevoted United States 7 months using the app Dear-Lover Technology Co.,Ltd. replied March 18, 2025 Dear ModestAndDevoted, We sincerely apologize for any difficulty you've experienced in obtaining the warehouse address and for any frustration this may have caused. We truly appreciate your patience and your business. Following your inquiry, Olivia promptly sent you the warehouse address via message. Additionally, you can always find the address under Frequently Asked Questions on our website. However, we understand that the information may not have been prominent enough, making it difficult for you to locate it quickly. We are actively working on improving our notifications and accessibility to enhance your dropshipping experience. For direct assistance, you can also reach out to your account manager using the email listed under the "Contact Us" section of our website. Your feedback is invaluable to us, and we are committed to making this process as seamless as possible. If there's anything else we can assist you with, please don't hesitate to reach out. Looking forward to resolving this for you. Best regards, Dear-Lover Dropshipping Customer Service Team Show more February 26, 2024 This is one of my favorite dropship apps. I rarely get any request for returns because typically the photo does match the item. Additionally they ship the fastest. I communicate with my account manager/point of contact via wassap and she is always available. It feels like a great partnership. This company has helped my business grow. Also the SEO is ready when you link the products which helps a lot. Show more KesleyBoutique United States 7 months using the app Dear-Lover Technology Co.,Ltd. replied February 20, 2025 Hi KesleyBoutique, Your kind words mean so much to us! 💖 We’re thrilled to hear that you’re happy with our product quality, fast shipping, and excellent service from Crystal. They’ll be delighted to know they made your experience a positive one! Thank you for trusting us—we’re here to provide you with the best products, quick delivery, and exceptional support every time. If you ever need anything, we’re just a message away! 🚀✨ Best regards, The Dear-Lover Dropshipping Customer Care Team Show more 1 2 3 4 &hellip; 6 1 2 3 4 &hellip; 6 Next App categories Sales channels Finding products Selling products Orders and shipping Store design Marketing and conversion Store management Top categories Dropshipping Marketplaces Product reviews Upsell and bundles Email marketing SEO Shipping Currency and translation Resources Shopify Help Center API documentation Shopify Community Community Events Shopify Blog Research Shopify About Careers Investors Press and media Partners Affiliates Legal Service status Developer login Terms of service Privacy policy Sitemap Your privacy choices Čeština Dansk Deutsch English Español Français Italiano Nederlands Norsk (bokmål) Polski Português (Brasil) Português (Portugal) Suomi Svenska Türkçe ภาษาไทย 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 한국어 Log in to your Shopify store Store URL Don’t have a store yet? Sign up Log in Developer login Install To install this app you need to create a Shopify account or log in to an existing one and then select a store. Create a Shopify account Log in to an existing account By proceeding, you agree to Shopify's Terms of service and Privacy policy .
