Title: Reviews: Unleashed Inventory Management - For total control of everything you buy, sell, make &... | Shopify App Store
URL: https://apps.shopify.com/unleashed-software/reviews
Final-URL: https://apps.shopify.com/unleashed-software/reviews
Lane: demand
Source-Class: directory
Status: verified
Observed: 2026-07-11
Words: 1507
Query: site:apps.shopify.com reviews "support" "expensive" inventory returns wholesale

Reviews: Unleashed Inventory Management - For total control of everything you buy, sell, make &... | Shopify App Store Shopify App Store Search Browse apps Apps by category Sales channels Sync products with marketplaces, product feeds, data backup, point of sale, retail Finding products Source products with dropshipping, print on demand, wholesale, suppliers Selling products Sell more with subscriptions, digital downloads, payments, COD, product options Orders and shipping Handle fulfillment with order tracking, invoices, order printers, shipping labels Store design Customize storefronts with SEO, translation, currency converters, trust badges Marketing and conversion Get customers with reviews, bundles, upsells, checkout, email marketing Store management Scale up with support, chat, FAQs, analytics, workflow automation Guide BFS: Your shortcut to quality apps Guide 2025 Shopify Build Awards More stories Log in Start for free Apps by category Sales channels Finding products Selling products Orders and shipping Store design Marketing and conversion Store management App stories Guide BFS: Your shortcut to quality apps Guide 2025 Shopify Build Awards More stories Start for free Log in Unleashed Inventory Management Install Reviews (25) Overall rating 2.8 Counts per rating level 5 64% of ratings are 5 stars 16 4 12% of ratings are 4 stars 3 3 0% of ratings are 3 stars 0 2 0% of ratings are 2 stars 0 1 24% of ratings are 1 stars 6 Write a review popover-modal#close click->popover-modal#nop:stop resize@window-&gt;popover-modal#close" class="tw-relative"> Refine 0 filter#clearFilters keydown.enter->filter#clearFilters keydown.space->filter#clearFilters click->popover-modal#close keydown.enter->popover-modal#close keydown.space->popover-modal#close"> Refine popover-modal#close:stop"> By rating 1 (6) 2 (0) 3 (0) 4 (3) 5 (16) Apply sort-by#updateUrl" class="tw-peer tw-appearance-none tw-cursor-pointer tw-absolute tw-top-0 tw-left-0 tw-bottom-0 tw-right-0 tw-opacity-0 tw-z-10" name="sort_by"> Most relevant Date: Newest to oldest Sort May 15, 2026 A good software but extremely expensive. My company has invested close to $40,000 AUD over the years in the software and we keep hitting limitations where they make you pay extra. I can't even get a new employee to get training on this software without paying another few hundred dollars a month. It's a bit ridiculous how much they value new sales or add ons rather than their current clients who has spent all their hard earned money on their software. Quite disappointed and will be trying to move softwares soon. They now have shifted most things to AI - they've increased my bill to $800 and have added things to my bill without my consent. You can't get a hold of anyone or even get a reply within a couple of days unless you pay even more than $800. Unless you check your bills, they'll add random things to it. So make sure you watch your bills. There's no denying it's a good software, but there are many other ones out there offering similar things at half the price and with better support that actually treats you like a half human and doesn't make you feel like you're visiting a mechanic every month - you never know what they're going to charge you for next. Show more Chai Walli Australia About 3 years using the app July 7, 2026 Best to Avoid Unleashed We have used Unleashed for quite a while We have several issues with them 1 - They way they handle freight on your purchase orders is a total fundamental failure - you have to be very careful or you will wind up with 2 bills, and worse if its a split shipment be extremely careful about allocating costs - or your stock value will be totally wrong 2 They just keep increasing the pricing and for $800 a month - still no phone support 3 Their terms and conditions are dodgy - says 30 days notice, but actually its 30 days before your next invoice, so in effect its really more like 60 days - they just take the money and don't care of course as you are leaving Show more Owl Comms New Zealand 9 months using the app June 7, 2026 There are so many issues and the account manager which comes after the initialization doesn't respond to you at all. A good software if it has an active human support. Sync takes time. Backup restore is a charged service Human support takes ages to solve it totally Show more Coastal Cleaning Supplies Australia 5 months using the app February 3, 2026 We had some seemingly complex requirements for our site, but the support team was able to work through these with us quickly and provided a simple solution. Show more Direct Pool Supplies AU Australia Almost 2 years using the app January 24, 2025 This integration may have some issues in the past but Unleashed has worked hard on this app and it works really well now. Unleashed works very well for our business and our stock control / ordering is much better now then it ever was in the past! Show more funbox.com.au Australia Almost 2 years using the app September 29, 2024 We perservered with Unleashed for 3 years before finally giving up on the software because it adds unnecessary complexity to simple tasks and creates holes and double ups, that lead to dispatch errors if you're not constantly monitoring it. In short, its integration with shopify is the main issue. When you edit an order in shopify, those changes will not pull through into Unleashed - you will need to cancel and manually create a new sales order which then doesn't sync to any order in shopify. If you have a custom product, a product with no SKU or a SKU double up or an issue with a customers address, it will not pull the order through. It also does not sync fulfilment status with shopify so you manually have to fulfill the orders in Unleashed after you dispatch them. These are basic functions they've been aware of for years but failed to address. The crazy part of this is that its 'ecommerce hub' is a paid extra. The setup is complicated with a long learning curve and the subscription is expensive and regurlarly rising. For a merchant operating primariliy on shopify, this programme will make your life harder, not easier. Show more The Inside New Zealand Over 1 year using the app November 26, 2024 We've been with Unleashed for a couple of years now. TLDR, It's very expensive and nothing is ever included. Want customer service? It's $100 extra a month. Another $45 per Shopify or Amazon integration. Reporting - extra. Another account - extra. B2B sales? Another $200 a month. Onboarding.. extra! We told our "account manager" that we were looking for a more affordable solution and they suggested removing the customer service plan. So now we cannot get a hold of anyone for any reason. The system itself if buggy, we need lots of workarounds and it's just not worth the cost. Looking for a new solution now. Show more Hip Mommies Canada Over 1 year using the app November 27, 2024 Unleashed has many great features such as AIM for forecasting and planning and many of the production functions are really helpful too, however this integration with Shopify is faulty. This integration sporadically fails to import sales orders meaning inventory gets out of sync, fortunately we don't rely on unleashed for fulfilment or we would have totally missed orders. More recently the integration to the stores have started turning themselves off without notice, and frustratingly the button to turn them back on manually is missing. We operate 4 Shopify stores integrated with unleashed to keep our inventory in check. Show more Work From Home Desks United States About 1 year using the app January 27, 2025 Unleashed has been a godsend for our business. It covers everything from demand, batch tracking, sales, credits, forecasting, the servicing and help provided has been second to none. Very highly recommend. Show more Pantry To Plate Co Australia Almost 2 years using the app February 5, 2025 Arantxa was an amazing help. Eased me nerves about adding and mapping products. She was great! Show more Mt. Wilder Berries Australia 12 months using the app 1 2 3 1 2 3 Next App categories Sales channels Finding products Selling products Orders and shipping Store design Marketing and conversion Store management Top categories Dropshipping Marketplaces Product reviews Upsell and bundles Email marketing SEO Shipping Currency and translation Resources Shopify Help Center API documentation Shopify Community Community Events Shopify Blog Research Shopify About Careers Investors Press and media Partners Affiliates Legal Service status Developer login Terms of service Privacy policy Sitemap Your privacy choices Čeština Dansk Deutsch English Español Français Italiano Nederlands Norsk (bokmål) Polski Português (Brasil) Português (Portugal) Suomi Svenska Türkçe ภาษาไทย 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 한국어 Log in to your Shopify store Store URL Don’t have a store yet? Sign up Log in Developer login Install To install this app you need to create a Shopify account or log in to an existing one and then select a store. Create a Shopify account Log in to an existing account By proceeding, you agree to Shopify's Terms of service and Privacy policy .
