Title: Reviews: Loop Returns & Exchanges - Manage returns, exchanges, tracking, order editing & more! | Shopify App Store
URL: https://apps.shopify.com/loop-returns/reviews?ratings%5B%5D=3&page=1
Final-URL: https://apps.shopify.com/loop-returns/reviews?ratings%5B%5D=3&page=1
Lane: demand
Source-Class: directory
Status: verified
Observed: 2026-07-11
Words: 1508
Query: site:apps.shopify.com reviews "support" "expensive" inventory returns wholesale

Reviews: Loop Returns & Exchanges - Manage returns, exchanges, tracking, order editing & more! | Shopify App Store Shopify App Store Search Browse apps Apps by category Sales channels Sync products with marketplaces, product feeds, data backup, point of sale, retail Finding products Source products with dropshipping, print on demand, wholesale, suppliers Selling products Sell more with subscriptions, digital downloads, payments, COD, product options Orders and shipping Handle fulfillment with order tracking, invoices, order printers, shipping labels Store design Customize storefronts with SEO, translation, currency converters, trust badges Marketing and conversion Get customers with reviews, bundles, upsells, checkout, email marketing Store management Scale up with support, chat, FAQs, analytics, workflow automation Guide BFS: Your shortcut to quality apps Guide 2025 Shopify Build Awards More stories Log in Start for free Apps by category Sales channels Finding products Selling products Orders and shipping Store design Marketing and conversion Store management App stories Guide BFS: Your shortcut to quality apps Guide 2025 Shopify Build Awards More stories Start for free Log in Loop Returns & Exchanges Install Reviews (424) Overall rating 4.7 Counts per rating level 5 88% of ratings are 5 stars 373 4 4% of ratings are 4 stars 15 3 1% of ratings are 3 stars 3 2 2% of ratings are 2 stars 7 1 6% of ratings are 1 stars 26 Write a review What merchants think popover-modal#close click->popover-modal#nop:stop resize@window-&gt;popover-modal#close" class="tw-relative"> popover-modal#toggle" class="tw-w-5 tw-h-5 md:tw-w-7 md:tw-h-7 tw-cursor-pointer hover:tw-scale-[1.1]"> This is generated by Shopify Magic. It's shown when an app has 100+ reviews and at least a 4.0 overall rating. popover-modal#close click->popover-modal#nop:stop resize@window-&gt;popover-modal#close" class="tw-relative"> popover-modal#toggle" class="tw-block tw-h-full tw-text-left tw-w-7"> Helpful Not helpful Feedback submitted Merchants praise this app for streamlining returns, reducing support tickets, and enhancing post-purchase experiences. Its self-service platform integrates well with Shopify and systems like Brightpearl, offering a user-friendly interface and extensive configuration options. Automation capabilities are a major benefit, saving time and money. Customer support is consistently responsive and knowledgeable, providing effective assistance. The app is valued for simplifying returns and exchanges efficiently. Show more popover-modal#close click->popover-modal#nop:stop resize@window-&gt;popover-modal#close" class="tw-relative"> Refine 0 filter#clearFilters keydown.enter->filter#clearFilters keydown.space->filter#clearFilters click->popover-modal#close keydown.enter->popover-modal#close keydown.space->popover-modal#close"> Refine popover-modal#close:stop"> By rating 1 (26) 2 (7) 3 (3) 4 (15) 5 (373) Apply sort-by#updateUrl" class="tw-peer tw-appearance-none tw-cursor-pointer tw-absolute tw-top-0 tw-left-0 tw-bottom-0 tw-right-0 tw-opacity-0 tw-z-10" name="sort_by"> Most relevant Date: Newest to oldest Sort Edited November 18, 2024 *Edited review after resolution. I faced a lot of issues onboarding Loop, and it took over a month. But now it's up and running, and it's a helpful tool for our brand. I still feel support was lackluster until I really put the screws on them. But they figured it out eventually. Compared to what else is available, they're a top option. Show more Project Ratchet Sweden About 1 month using the app October 29, 2023 Overall, Loop Returns is a good returns software. The platform offers a lot of nice features and customizations. The integration with our WMS platform makes processing returns easy for our team. Our customers like the “instant exchange” feature as well as the Happy Returns option. The “workflows” allow you to configure return scenarios. However, the reason for three stars is because the platform is very buggy. The amount of return related questions has become a burden for our customer service team. Loop is unable and/or unwilling to find solutions for the issues listed below. In addition third party developers are unable to help. • Many customers experience issues using the “on-store” shop now feature. After selecting their items and clicking checkout to proceed to the return summary they are redirected back to select return or exchange again. Occurs most frequently on mobile devices. • The “on-store” shop now feature doesn’t work in our mobile app pop up browser. The product(s) the customer selects to exchange for do not populate on the return summary page. Therefore, we are unable to have links to the returns portal within our app. This is a major issue as roughly 20% of our customers use our mobile app. • The “shop now bonus” credit is hidden on the returns summary page. This causes customer confusion as they think they aren’t getting the bonus that was previously presented in the return process. To see the bonus the customer has to click the “details” drop-down and it is shown as a line item near the bottom. • Loop Returns doesn’t work well with Shopify Markets Pro making international returns challenging. The HS codes for products from Shopify Markets Pro orders do not always pass to Loop causing returns labels to not generate. There is no way to override this so we have to generate and process those returns outside of Loop. This is only roughly 5% of those international returns. • A portion of returns that expiree that have Happy Returns selected for the return method can no longer be returned/exchanged, even when added to the “allowlist”. For some reason when those returns expire it also shows the return was dropped off at a Happy Returns bar even though it wasn’t. Therefore, the system thinks the item(s) were returned already and can no longer be returned. We generate and process those returns outside of Loop. • You are unable process returns through Loop if the customer’s email address was edited. For example, if there was a typo in the email address and our customer service team corrects it, the customer can no longer initiate the return through the returns portal. It provides the error “unable to retrieve order”. We have to generate and process those returns outside of Loop. Show more Wild Oak Boutique United States 6 months using the app Loop replied November 1, 2023 Thank you for your thoughtful feedback! We're happy to hear that you find our platform valuable, with its features and integrations. We appreciate your concerns about the technical issues you've encountered, and we've already relayed this to our team. We are constantly working on updates that we believe will enhance your experience and your dedicated MSM will keep you updated to ensure you have the best experience possible! Show more October 30, 2021 Overall - Does the basics, but not a great value. Good option for a mid-sized business, but if you are smaller I'd go for something cheaper and if you are bigger, I'd go for something a bit more comprehensive. Pros: + Return Portal UI is clean and works well + No issues with Shopify sync and does reduce workload vs. manual processing of returns and exchanges Cons + Fairly expensive for what is ultimately a pretty simple service + The whole concept of reducing refunds vs. exchanges is just marketing. It truly does nothing in this regard. In fact we saw our refund % go up significantly since installing Loop + We pay a couple hundred bucks per month and I don't like how miserly they are with features; e.g. we can see certain analytics but they restrict the ability to see basic stuff like product refunds until we upgrade to the next tier (I understand SAAS pricing but the way they do it feels just cheap) + Customer support is mostly a disaster. The team is nice but it seems like they're completely overwhelmed. We've had an issue syncing with ShareaSale and it's legitimately been 2.5 months since we raised it. If we send an email, it usually takes about a week to get a reply. We've followed up maybe 5-10 times on this issue alone, which is of course super frustrating to do when there's a million other things to keep track of. Show more Amberjack United States 3 months using the app Loop replied November 1, 2021 Thank you so much for sharing this candid and thoughtful feedback. I’m really sorry to hear about your experience with Loop so far; it’s certainly not the value and experience that we intend to deliver for our merchant partners. I personally lead all of our post-sale merchant-facing (Merchant Success) teams, and will be reaching out to you personally to learn more and make this right. Thank you again! Show more App categories Sales channels Finding products Selling products Orders and shipping Store design Marketing and conversion Store management Top categories Dropshipping Marketplaces Product reviews Upsell and bundles Email marketing SEO Shipping Currency and translation Resources Shopify Help Center API documentation Shopify Community Community Events Shopify Blog Research Shopify About Careers Investors Press and media Partners Affiliates Legal Service status Developer login Terms of service Privacy policy Sitemap Your privacy choices Čeština Dansk Deutsch English Español Français Italiano Nederlands Norsk (bokmål) Polski Português (Brasil) Português (Portugal) Suomi Svenska Türkçe ภาษาไทย 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 한국어 Log in to your Shopify store Store URL Don’t have a store yet? Sign up Log in Developer login Install To install this app you need to create a Shopify account or log in to an existing one and then select a store. Create a Shopify account Log in to an existing account By proceeding, you agree to Shopify's Terms of service and Privacy policy .
