Title: Reviews: Syncee Premium AI Dropshipping - Dropship high-profit products. Trusted US, EU, UK+ suppliers. | Shopify App Store
URL: https://apps.shopify.com/syncee-1/reviews?page=3&ratings%5B%5D=1
Final-URL: https://apps.shopify.com/syncee-1/reviews?page=3&ratings%5B%5D=1
Lane: demand
Source-Class: directory
Status: verified
Observed: 2026-07-11
Words: 2888
Query: site:apps.shopify.com reviews "support" "expensive" inventory returns wholesale

Reviews: Syncee Premium AI Dropshipping - Dropship high-profit products. Trusted US, EU, UK+ suppliers. | Shopify App Store Shopify App Store Search Browse apps Apps by category Sales channels Sync products with marketplaces, product feeds, data backup, point of sale, retail Finding products Source products with dropshipping, print on demand, wholesale, suppliers Selling products Sell more with subscriptions, digital downloads, payments, COD, product options Orders and shipping Handle fulfillment with order tracking, invoices, order printers, shipping labels Store design Customize storefronts with SEO, translation, currency converters, trust badges Marketing and conversion Get customers with reviews, bundles, upsells, checkout, email marketing Store management Scale up with support, chat, FAQs, analytics, workflow automation Guide BFS: Your shortcut to quality apps Guide 2025 Shopify Build Awards More stories Log in Start for free Apps by category Sales channels Finding products Selling products Orders and shipping Store design Marketing and conversion Store management App stories Guide BFS: Your shortcut to quality apps Guide 2025 Shopify Build Awards More stories Start for free Log in Syncee Premium AI Dropshipping popover-modal#close click->popover-modal#nop:stop resize@window-&gt;popover-modal#close" class="tw-relative"> popover-modal#toggle" class="tw-cursor-help tw-group/bfs-popover" aria-hidden="true"> Built for Shopify Meets our highest standards for performance, design, and integration. Learn more Opens in new window Install Reviews (507) Overall rating 4.1 Counts per rating level 5 77% of ratings are 5 stars 389 4 8% of ratings are 4 stars 40 3 3% of ratings are 3 stars 16 2 2% of ratings are 2 stars 11 1 10% of ratings are 1 stars 51 Write a review popover-modal#close click->popover-modal#nop:stop resize@window-&gt;popover-modal#close" class="tw-relative"> Refine 0 filter#clearFilters keydown.enter->filter#clearFilters keydown.space->filter#clearFilters click->popover-modal#close keydown.enter->popover-modal#close keydown.space->popover-modal#close"> Refine popover-modal#close:stop"> By rating 1 (51) 2 (11) 3 (16) 4 (40) 5 (389) Apply sort-by#updateUrl" class="tw-peer tw-appearance-none tw-cursor-pointer tw-absolute tw-top-0 tw-left-0 tw-bottom-0 tw-right-0 tw-opacity-0 tw-z-10" name="sort_by"> Most relevant Date: Newest to oldest Sort August 10, 2024 Syncee provided horrible customer service. It's a small team if you look at their website. When I had my issue, I kept asking them to escalate. Basically, they passed me off to their friend 2 times (Sarah -&gt; Peter -&gt; Richard). When I asked to speak with the CEO AKOS Gulyas, they told me no. I reached out to Akos directly on Linkedin; no response. If you are selling baby or pet toys, or women's sports bras, maybe this company will work for you. I am creating a website using a niche market. The company advertised that they have distributors/ dropshippers that sell my products. I paid for a year in advance to take advantage of the discounted pricing, as I was looking forward to a long-term relationship with this company. As I started to build my website, and reach out to the various vendors, I discovered that the vendors are no longer in business or do not reply to my emails (bait and switch). I asked Syncee for a refund of the subscription as I was unable to get a vendor to work with. They said the policy is NO REFUNDS but they would look into my situation. Syncee blamed me for paying in advance and said that I should have canceled within the 14 day cancellation period. This is something that I discovered after building my website. So basically the company is promoting that they have vendors to sell your niche product, but the vendors are no longer in business. This is false advertising and a scam. Unfortunately, the company is NOT based in the US but based in Hungary so you can't pursue any legal action. They have good reviews (might be legit or a bot) but them refusing to refund me $288 because they don't properly vet their vendors is sad. Horrible experience and I would not use this company if you are selling a niche. They don't care that they are stealing your money. This should have been a no-brainer to refund me my money. Looking at other negative reviews, many of them are very similar to my situation. Sad experience for a new business owner. Show more The Calm Boutique United States 12 months using the app Syncee replied August 13, 2024 Hi there, We’re sorry to hear about your experience, nevertheless please let us clarify a few points. 1. We offer a free plan where you can explore the platform, as well as a 14-day trial on our monthly plans to help you decide if Syncee is right for you. The yearly subscription comes with a significant discount but doesn’t include a trial, which is clearly stated upfront. 2. Our support team followed the proper escalation process, and your case was evaluated by a dedicated finance team. It wasn’t a matter of passing your issue between friends. 3. Since you subscribed and accepted our policies, your request for a refund was rejected. This decision was made because you actively used the app, and the products are still available in your store. 4. Our suppliers are vetted and monitored regularly, but we can’t control their communication. However, when issues are reported, we investigate and take necessary actions. In case of any further questions, please reach out to our support team via chat or email. Show more January 26, 2026 Mi experiencia es mala. Hay productos que recién después de importarlos te enteras de que ya hay pocas unidades o no tienen disponibilidad para hacer envios a tu país. A las descripciones les faltan datos como la tabla de tallas para las prendas. También hay falta de sincronización con tu tienda ya que al cambiar la moneda, los precios no se actualizan y para cambiar estos u otros detalles, debes cambiar el plan de pago. Además las promociones son engañosas. Te dan un plan gratuito y si pasas el límite de productos o cambias los productos por las razones antes mencionadas, no te dan posibilidad de volver a la promoción del mes a 1 USD. Show more Las Amapolas Glam Argentina About 1 month using the app Syncee replied January 27, 2026 Hola, sentimos mucho que tu experiencia no haya sido la esperada y agradecemos que la compartas. Queremos aclarar que la disponibilidad de stock, los países de envío y los datos del producto que proporciona el proveedor pueden verse antes de importar los productos. En cuanto a los precios, estos se actualizan automáticamente al ejecutar la sincronización, mientras que otros datos requieren una actualización manual. Sobre la promoción de 1 USD, esta es válida hasta un cambio de plan, tal como se indica en la política aceptada al suscribirse, por lo que no es posible reactivarla después. Si lo deseas, nuestro equipo de soporte puede ayudarte directamente a través del chat dentro de la app. Show more July 6, 2024 Some of the suppliers listed for dropshipping don't dropship. Pet supplies suppliers to ship in Canada are either too expensive, long lead times, high shipping cost, or poor quality. Show more Macie & Otis | Pet Supplies Canada 2 months using the app Syncee replied July 8, 2024 Hi there, We are sorry to read your review. Please contact our support team so we can investigate it further for you, and help you find suitable suppliers, or take those up with the business development team that you saw do not dropship to your location. We have plenty of pet suppliers and would like to check what you experienced more thoroughly. Our support team would be more than happy to help you. Show more October 30, 2025 A very bad experience from the very first order. The order was placed and paid through Syncee a week ago, but it’s still not fulfilled. Customer support is unreachable, only a bot responds with irrelevant answers then ending the chat. Our emails have been completely ignored, leaving us no choice but to refund our customer. First order. First loss. Very disappointing service. Show more SEDUORA.COM United Arab Emirates 19 days using the app Syncee replied February 17, 2026 Hi there, We are sorry to hear about your experience. Please note that the supplier in question has already been removed to maintain the quality and reliability of our marketplace. We take supplier performance very seriously and act when our standards are not met. Our live support team is available to assist you with any concerns and provide direct solutions. Please let us know if we can help you find a suitable supplier for your business needs. Feel free to reach out to us via our in-app chat or at support@syncee.com so we can support you further. Show more August 7, 2025 No warning before full charge – lost €87.57 without notice! I started with Syncee’s 3-day free trial, followed by a promotional first month for $1, which was fine. However, after that month ended, I received no warning or reminder that the full subscription price was about to be charged. To my surprise, I was automatically billed €87.57 for the next billing cycle without any notification. I hadn’t used any paid features beyond the initial testing phase and uninstalled the app as soon as I saw the charge. I contacted Syncee support and explained the situation, but they refused to issue a refund — even though I never intended to continue with the paid plan and didn’t use the service. This kind of billing practice is highly disappointing. At the very least, I expected an email reminder before such a significant charge. I strongly urge Syncee to improve communication and transparency around trial and promotional plans. Be careful: if you forget the end date of your $1 promo month, you might be charged nearly €90 without warning. Show more Potilo Estonia About 1 month using the app Syncee replied January 8, 2026 Hi there, We are sorry to hear about your experience. Syncee informs merchants about its policy more places including the process of subscribing where they need to approve policies as well. Subscription charges and billing cycles can later also be reviewed both in your Shopify Billing menu and in your Syncee account in the Billing menu. The billing date and cycle end are visible there, allowing stores to monitor when the next charge will occur. You can read more details in our Refund Policy. If you have any questions or need guidance on managing your subscription, our support team is always available via the in-app chat or at support@syncee.com. Show more November 23, 2025 Leider überzeugt die App mich nicht. Barcodes werden oft nicht übernommen und wenn man sie manuell einträgt, verschwinden sie bei der nächsten Synchronisierung wieder. Für diese Leistung ist der Preis deutlich zu hoch. Die Produktsuche ist unpraktisch, da man Kategorien nicht filtern kann und nach dem Öffnen eines Artikels wieder komplett nach unten scrollen muss. Show more Juicy Jungle Germany 5 days using the app Syncee replied November 24, 2025 Hallo, es tut uns sehr leid, von Ihrer Erfahrung zu hören. Ihr Feedback ist uns sehr wichtig, und wir danken Ihnen, dass Sie sich an uns gewandt haben. Wir konnten keine frühere Nachricht von Ihnen finden, aber unser Team hat sich bereits mit Ihnen in Verbindung gesetzt, um Ihnen bei allen technischen Fragen zu helfen. Zur Klarstellung: Syncee verfügt über einen vollständigen Kategoriefilter in der Produktsuche, und uns ist kein Fehler bekannt, der zum Verschwinden von Barcodes führt. Wir würden uns freuen, wenn Sie uns weitere Details dazu per E-Mail zukommen lassen könnten, damit wir Ihnen weiterhelfen können. Wir bei Syncee arbeiten stets daran, unseren Nutzern ein möglichst reibungsloses Erlebnis zu bieten. Wenn Sie weitere Unterstützung benötigen, können Sie uns jederzeit über den In-App-Chat oder per E-Mail an support@syncee.com erreichen. Show more November 25, 2025 $99 a month and no service? Won’t fulfill my order payment made , so I’m jusyvtwiddling my thumbs looking for help they say I need to pay everything saying I paid I have an order that can’t, DO NOT GET!! Use your money somewhere else I promise it will be so much easier. Show more Noob Island 6-7 United States 5 days using the app Syncee replied January 8, 2026 Hi there, We are sorry for the frustration this situation caused and understand how disappointing it is when an order can’t be fulfilled as expected. Order fulfillment depends on the supplier’s shipping coverage, which can vary by product and destination. Before listing or ordering a product, it’s important to check whether the supplier ships to your target country, as not all products support all destinations. If you would like help reviewing shipping settings or finding suppliers that ship to your market, our support team is available and happy to assist via the in-app chat or at support@syncee.com. Show more September 22, 2025 It left a lot to be desired... After getting the shop ready and importing the products, I decided to contact the supplier directly and was informed that they were having problems with the app and couldn't ship to Europe... Everything came to nothing. Show more Ecopatte Portugal 20 days using the app Syncee replied January 8, 2026 Hi there, We are sorry to hear about your experience. Based on our records, the suppliers you used for importing products work with warehouses in France and are located there so should be able to ship to your desired location. If you would like to share more details with our support team and need further help, please do not hesitate to reach out ot us via the in-app chat or at support@syncee.com so we can guide your further. Show more October 17, 2025 I am very disappointed this service and I contacted Benjamin a customer service. You can not get any support from this person. The system charged me three time and took £132.14 after the initial £1 payment are unauthorized and violate the terms I agreed to. Despite signing up under the £1 first-month promotion, yet the system processed multiple charges without my consent or proper notice. I find this practice misleading and unacceptable. I strongly believe the app is fraud and shopify is given access them to deceive the customer. Show more Fit Elites United Kingdom 15 days using the app Syncee replied January 8, 2026 Hi there, We are sorry to read about your experience. All subscription charges are managed by the account holder, and Syncee does not have the ability to activate or re-activate subscriptions on anyone’s behalf. Each charge must be confirmed through Shopify’s checkout system. According to the account activity, multiple subscriptions were selected and managed over several days, and there were multiple installations and uninstallations, which led to the charges. Our policy needs to be accepted when subscribing which shows all the important details on how the promotion, charges and refund works. Our support team is always happy to help via the in-app chat or at support@syncee.com if you have any questions. Show more Edited June 14, 2024 Well as promised to advise you after I have tried the product. Definitely not happy with this program and feel that it is a waste of money. Lots of hidden fees and other subscriptions and not enough vendors for what my store needs. The vendors I considered like for Men's products/clothes only carry maybe 1 or 2 of the items and not even multiple sizes, very, very limited. I paid the subscription in full so that I would capture the discount offered. I really had high hopes that Syncee offered exactly what I wanted in my store. But after much vetting of their suppliers, the only companies offering what I want, charge additional subscription fees. I asked for a refund even though I know it is non refundable, because as stated, in the beginning, the program looked amazing, but then as I dug in further, it is not. Show more Sun of the Beach Boutique United States 17 days using the app Syncee replied June 6, 2024 Hi there, We’re sorry to hear that our app didn’t meet your expectations. We also regret that our supplier selection did not meet your store's needs. We strive to provide a comprehensive platform and will take your feedback into account for future improvements. Please know that the selection of suppliers is growing daily, so stay tuned for more upcoming brands in your niche. In case of any questions, do not hesitate to reach out to our support team via in-app chat or email. We are here for you. Show more 1 2 3 4 5 6 Previous 1 2 3 4 5 6 Next App categories Sales channels Finding products Selling products Orders and shipping Store design Marketing and conversion Store management Top categories Dropshipping Marketplaces Product reviews Upsell and bundles Email marketing SEO Shipping Currency and translation Resources Shopify Help Center API documentation Shopify Community Community Events Shopify Blog Research Shopify About Careers Investors Press and media Partners Affiliates Legal Service status Developer login Terms of service Privacy policy Sitemap Your privacy choices Čeština Dansk Deutsch English Español Français Italiano Nederlands Norsk (bokmål) Polski Português (Brasil) Português (Portugal) Suomi Svenska Türkçe ภาษาไทย 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 한국어 Log in to your Shopify store Store URL Don’t have a store yet? Sign up Log in Developer login Install To install this app you need to create a Shopify account or log in to an existing one and then select a store. Create a Shopify account Log in to an existing account By proceeding, you agree to Shopify's Terms of service and Privacy policy .
