Title: Unleashed Inventory Management - For total control of everything you buy, sell, make &... | Shopify App Store
URL: https://apps.shopify.com/unleashed-software
Final-URL: https://apps.shopify.com/unleashed-software
Lane: demand
Source-Class: directory
Status: verified
Observed: 2026-07-11
Words: 1463
Query: site:apps.shopify.com reviews "support" "expensive" inventory returns wholesale

Unleashed Inventory Management - For total control of everything you buy, sell, make &... | Shopify App Store Shopify App Store Search Browse apps Apps by category Sales channels Sync products with marketplaces, product feeds, data backup, point of sale, retail Finding products Source products with dropshipping, print on demand, wholesale, suppliers Selling products Sell more with subscriptions, digital downloads, payments, COD, product options Orders and shipping Handle fulfillment with order tracking, invoices, order printers, shipping labels Store design Customize storefronts with SEO, translation, currency converters, trust badges Marketing and conversion Get customers with reviews, bundles, upsells, checkout, email marketing Store management Scale up with support, chat, FAQs, analytics, workflow automation Guide BFS: Your shortcut to quality apps Guide 2025 Shopify Build Awards More stories Log in Start for free Apps by category Sales channels Finding products Selling products Orders and shipping Store design Marketing and conversion Store management App stories Guide BFS: Your shortcut to quality apps Guide 2025 Shopify Build Awards More stories Start for free Log in Unleashed Inventory Management Pricing From $399/month. Free trial available. Free trial available Rating 2.8 (25) Developer Unleashed Software Install Featured images gallery + 3 more Close Previous Next Full visibility. Complete control: Manage your inventory costs & scale efficiently with Unleashed Unleashed is more than just an inventory solution for your Shopify store. Unleashed gives you full visibility and control over your supply chain – from purchasing through to production and sales. Perfect for manufacturers, wholesalers and eCommerce retailers, Unleashed lets you grow your business with powerful purchase and sales order management, live insights, and accurate stock levels. Unleashed is easy to use and backed by friendly support teams. Unleashed is more than just an inventory solution for your Shopify store. Unleashed gives you full visibility and control over your supply chain – from purchasing through to production and sales. Perfect for manufacturers, wholesalers and eCommerce retailers, Unleashed lets you grow your business with powerful purchase and sales order management, live insights, and accurate stock levels. Unleashed is easy to use and backed by friendly support teams. more Fulfil Shopify orders – plus POS, B2B and offline sales – from a single screen Live, accurate view of inventory across multiple warehouses and locations Omnichannel view of your reordering and production needs Track variable costs like freight and customs duties for accurate profit margins Over 30 integrations: Accounting, CRM, Point of Sale, analytics and connectors Languages English Works with Amazon Lightspeed Prospect CRM Quickbooks online Salesforce Xero Categories Inventory sync Show features Hide features Sync type Orders Prices Product details SKUs Multi-channel Multi-store Automatic Manual Bulk Real-time Notifications and reports Automated alerts Order updates Error reports Historical reports Inventory alerts Low stock alerts Data import and export Performance metrics Real-time status Detailed logs Pricing Choose the plan that best fits your business. Core $399 / month or $4,389/year and save 8% 100 Sales Orders included. More available to purchase. Features Multi-Warehouse Inventory Management Stock Counts and Warehouse Transfers Sales Orders (Quotes to Shipping) Purchase Order Management Reporting, Dashboards and BI Customer Management Supplier Management 14-day free trial Pro $729 / month or $8,019/year and save 8% 300 Sales Orders included. More available to purchase. Features Multi-Warehouse Inventory Management Forecasting and Demand Planning Stock Counts and Warehouse Transfers Reporting, BI and Advanced Analytics Sales Orders (Quotes to Shipping) Warehouse Management App Purchase Order Management 14-day free trial pricing-component#scrollToCard" data-index="0" aria-current="true" aria-label="Core" class="tw-h-sm tw-w-sm tw-rounded-full tw-border-0 tw-p-0 tw-cursor-pointer tw-transition-colors tw-bg-fg-primary"> pricing-component#scrollToCard" data-index="1" aria-current="false" aria-label="Pro" class="tw-h-sm tw-w-sm tw-rounded-full tw-border-0 tw-p-0 tw-cursor-pointer tw-transition-colors tw-bg-stroke-secondary"> All charges are billed in USD. Recurring and usage-based charges are billed every 30 days. See all pricing options Reviews (25) Overall rating 2.8 Counts per rating level 5 64% of ratings are 5 stars 16 4 12% of ratings are 4 stars 3 3 0% of ratings are 3 stars 0 2 0% of ratings are 2 stars 0 1 24% of ratings are 1 stars 6 Write a review All reviews May 15, 2026 A good software but extremely expensive. My company has invested close to $40,000 AUD over the years in the software and we keep hitting limitations where they make you pay extra. I can't even get a new employee to get training on this software without paying another few hundred dollars a month. It's a bit ridiculous how much they value new sales or add ons rather than their current clients who has spent all their hard earned money on their software. Quite disappointed and will be trying to move softwares soon. They now have shifted most things to AI - they've increased my bill to $800 and have added things to my bill without my consent. You can't get a hold of anyone or even get a reply within a couple of days unless you pay even more than $800. Unless you check your bills, they'll add random things to it. So make sure you watch your bills. There's no denying it's a good software, but there are many other ones out there offering similar things at half the price and with better support that actually treats you like a half human and doesn't make you feel like you're visiting a mechanic every month - you never know what they're going to charge you for next. Show more Chai Walli Australia About 3 years using the app July 7, 2026 Best to Avoid Unleashed We have used Unleashed for quite a while We have several issues with them 1 - They way they handle freight on your purchase orders is a total fundamental failure - you have to be very careful or you will wind up with 2 bills, and worse if its a split shipment be extremely careful about allocating costs - or your stock value will be totally wrong 2 They just keep increasing the pricing and for $800 a month - still no phone support 3 Their terms and conditions are dodgy - says 30 days notice, but actually its 30 days before your next invoice, so in effect its really more like 60 days - they just take the money and don't care of course as you are leaving Show more Owl Comms New Zealand 9 months using the app June 7, 2026 There are so many issues and the account manager which comes after the initialization doesn't respond to you at all. A good software if it has an active human support. Sync takes time. Backup restore is a charged service Human support takes ages to solve it totally Show more Coastal Cleaning Supplies Australia 5 months using the app Support App support provided by Unleashed Software. Resources Privacy policy FAQ Tutorial Developer Unleashed Software Website 12-14 Northcroft Street, Takapuna, AUK, 0622, NZ Launched November 23, 2022 &#183 Changelog More apps like this app-card#handleClick " aria-pressed="false" role="button"> MabangErp3 4.0 out of 5 stars (3) 3 total reviews • Free to install Professional ERP software helps you become a big seller app-card#handleClick " aria-pressed="false" role="button"> TikTok Shop Integration — SPL 4.9 out of 5 stars (761) 761 total reviews • Free to install Sell on TikTok Shop to increase sales opportunities popover-modal#close click->popover-modal#nop:stop resize@window-&gt;popover-modal#close" class="tw-relative"> popover-modal#toggle" class="tw-cursor-help tw-group/bfs-popover" aria-hidden="true"> Built for Shopify Meets our highest standards for performance, design, and integration. Learn more Opens in new window app-card#handleClick " aria-pressed="false" role="button"> CedCommerce Amazon Channel 4.6 out of 5 stars (1,075) 1075 total reviews • Free to install Selling on Amazon becomes Easy with the Amazon Sales Channel popover-modal#close click->popover-modal#nop:stop resize@window-&gt;popover-modal#close" class="tw-relative"> popover-modal#toggle" class="tw-cursor-help tw-group/bfs-popover" aria-hidden="true"> Built for Shopify Meets our highest standards for performance, design, and integration. Learn more Opens in new window Want to add an app? Try Shopify free for 3 days App categories Sales channels Finding products Selling products Orders and shipping Store design Marketing and conversion Store management Top categories Dropshipping Marketplaces Product reviews Upsell and bundles Email marketing SEO Shipping Currency and translation Resources Shopify Help Center API documentation Shopify Community Community Events Shopify Blog Research Shopify About Careers Investors Press and media Partners Affiliates Legal Service status Developer login Terms of service Privacy policy Sitemap Your privacy choices Čeština Dansk Deutsch English Español Français Italiano Nederlands Norsk (bokmål) Polski Português (Brasil) Português (Portugal) Suomi Svenska Türkçe ภาษาไทย 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 한국어 Log in to your Shopify store Store URL Don’t have a store yet? Sign up Log in Developer login Install To install this app you need to create a Shopify account or log in to an existing one and then select a store. Create a Shopify account Log in to an existing account By proceeding, you agree to Shopify's Terms of service and Privacy policy . This app isn’t compatible with your store Unleashed Inventory Management is only compatible with stores that: Close Learn about app compatibility
