Title: Reviews: Inventory Mate - Pain-Free Reorders with Smart AI Forecasting and PO Automation | Shopify App Store
URL: https://apps.shopify.com/inventory_mate/reviews
Final-URL: https://apps.shopify.com/inventory_mate/reviews
Lane: demand
Source-Class: directory
Status: verified
Observed: 2026-07-11
Words: 1001
Query: site:apps.shopify.com reviews "support" "expensive" inventory returns wholesale

Reviews: Inventory Mate - Pain-Free Reorders with Smart AI Forecasting and PO Automation | Shopify App Store Shopify App Store Search Browse apps Apps by category Sales channels Sync products with marketplaces, product feeds, data backup, point of sale, retail Finding products Source products with dropshipping, print on demand, wholesale, suppliers Selling products Sell more with subscriptions, digital downloads, payments, COD, product options Orders and shipping Handle fulfillment with order tracking, invoices, order printers, shipping labels Store design Customize storefronts with SEO, translation, currency converters, trust badges Marketing and conversion Get customers with reviews, bundles, upsells, checkout, email marketing Store management Scale up with support, chat, FAQs, analytics, workflow automation Guide BFS: Your shortcut to quality apps Guide 2025 Shopify Build Awards More stories Log in Start for free Apps by category Sales channels Finding products Selling products Orders and shipping Store design Marketing and conversion Store management App stories Guide BFS: Your shortcut to quality apps Guide 2025 Shopify Build Awards More stories Start for free Log in Inventory Mate Install Reviews (6) Overall rating 5 Counts per rating level 5 100% of ratings are 5 stars 6 4 0% of ratings are 4 stars 0 3 0% of ratings are 3 stars 0 2 0% of ratings are 2 stars 0 1 0% of ratings are 1 stars 0 Write a review popover-modal#close click->popover-modal#nop:stop resize@window-&gt;popover-modal#close" class="tw-relative"> Refine 0 filter#clearFilters keydown.enter->filter#clearFilters keydown.space->filter#clearFilters click->popover-modal#close keydown.enter->popover-modal#close keydown.space->popover-modal#close"> Refine popover-modal#close:stop"> By rating 1 (0) 2 (0) 3 (0) 4 (0) 5 (6) Apply sort-by#updateUrl" class="tw-peer tw-appearance-none tw-cursor-pointer tw-absolute tw-top-0 tw-left-0 tw-bottom-0 tw-right-0 tw-opacity-0 tw-z-10" name="sort_by"> Most relevant Date: Newest to oldest Sort June 22, 2026 With the sunsetting of stocky we began looking for similar options. After trying several other apps, we came across Inventory Mate and I'm so thankful. It does almost everything we were looking for and their customer service has been 1000% - they respond almost instantly - a real person and not AI and have been able to implement the features that we've requested. I'm so thankful that we found them! Show more Drayton Hall United States 13 days using the app April 23, 2026 My independent retail store is thrilled to have found this PO and inventory management solution at a great value, as we transition away from Stocky (due to app discontinuation). Inventory Mate is straightforward, syncs all my data straight from Shopify, and provides me everything I need to monitor inventory levels, manage my vendor database, write, receive, partially receive, and pay PO's. Several other apps I was researching were very expensive with too much capability, while Inventory Mate is the perfect balance of functionality and price for my workflow. Additionally, Joe and the team at Inventory Mate have been incredibly responsive to my workflow needs and have significantly enhanced the tool, often same-day or overnight, to continuously improve the flow and be a great fit for my business. I have completely cutover to Inventory Mate and am very happy with it. If you are an independent shop that maintains a strong practice of writing and receiving PO's and you are seeking a Stocky replacement, do not hesitate to go with Inventory Mate! Show more East Elm Kitchen Co United States 22 days using the app June 15, 2026 The best customer service I've ever seen on a Shopify app. These guys are incredibly knowledgeable and care about how the app performs for your setup. They have even deployed new features within a couple days to meet my needs. Would definitely recommend this app and the team behind it. Show more White Oak Pastures United States About 1 month using the app April 23, 2026 We have a really big catalog and it works great! Support is amazing fixed any problems we had. Show more Dillon Music United States 9 days using the app December 12, 2025 After trying several other inventory tools, Inventory Mate proved to be just as functional, but at a much more reasonable price. The system covers everything we need for day-to-day inventory management, without unnecessary complexity. On top of that, the customer support has been outstanding – Joe took the time to understand our workflow and provided a custom solution tailored exactly to our needs. Highly recommended. Show more MOTOVEIKALS 21 Latvia 4 months using the app December 2, 2025 I was struggling to keep up with replenishment and cash flow forecasts — Inventory Mate fixed that. It sends timely restock alerts, shows exactly when and how much to reorder, and even helps me optimize cash flow and avoid overstock. Setup was quick and intuitive. A must-have for scaling stores. Show more ORO United States 14 minutes using the app Show archived reviews November 30, 2025 Fantastic app! The automated purchase orders and supplier tracking are a game-changer. Since installing Inventory Mate, I no longer worry about running out of my bestsellers. The analytics and reporting give me clarity on my stock levels and help me plan smarter. Great value for money. Show more FitNova United States 10 minutes using the app App categories Sales channels Finding products Selling products Orders and shipping Store design Marketing and conversion Store management Top categories Dropshipping Marketplaces Product reviews Upsell and bundles Email marketing SEO Shipping Currency and translation Resources Shopify Help Center API documentation Shopify Community Community Events Shopify Blog Research Shopify About Careers Investors Press and media Partners Affiliates Legal Service status Developer login Terms of service Privacy policy Sitemap Your privacy choices Čeština Dansk Deutsch English Español Français Italiano Nederlands Norsk (bokmål) Polski Português (Brasil) Português (Portugal) Suomi Svenska Türkçe ภาษาไทย 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 한국어 Log in to your Shopify store Store URL Don’t have a store yet? Sign up Log in Developer login Install To install this app you need to create a Shopify account or log in to an existing one and then select a store. Create a Shopify account Log in to an existing account By proceeding, you agree to Shopify's Terms of service and Privacy policy .
