Title: Reviews: Qoblex Inventory Management - Real-time Inventory Sync and Seamless Order Management | Shopify App Store
URL: https://apps.shopify.com/stock-buy/reviews?page=5
Final-URL: https://apps.shopify.com/stock-buy/reviews?page=5
Lane: demand
Source-Class: directory
Status: verified
Observed: 2026-07-11
Words: 2435
Query: site:apps.shopify.com reviews "support" "expensive" inventory returns wholesale

Reviews: Qoblex Inventory Management - Real-time Inventory Sync and Seamless Order Management | Shopify App Store Shopify App Store Search Browse apps Apps by category Sales channels Sync products with marketplaces, product feeds, data backup, point of sale, retail Finding products Source products with dropshipping, print on demand, wholesale, suppliers Selling products Sell more with subscriptions, digital downloads, payments, COD, product options Orders and shipping Handle fulfillment with order tracking, invoices, order printers, shipping labels Store design Customize storefronts with SEO, translation, currency converters, trust badges Marketing and conversion Get customers with reviews, bundles, upsells, checkout, email marketing Store management Scale up with support, chat, FAQs, analytics, workflow automation Guide BFS: Your shortcut to quality apps Guide 2025 Shopify Build Awards More stories Log in Start for free Apps by category Sales channels Finding products Selling products Orders and shipping Store design Marketing and conversion Store management App stories Guide BFS: Your shortcut to quality apps Guide 2025 Shopify Build Awards More stories Start for free Log in Qoblex Inventory Management Install Reviews (58) Overall rating 4.8 Counts per rating level 5 91% of ratings are 5 stars 53 4 5% of ratings are 4 stars 3 3 0% of ratings are 3 stars 0 2 2% of ratings are 2 stars 1 1 2% of ratings are 1 stars 1 Write a review popover-modal#close click->popover-modal#nop:stop resize@window-&gt;popover-modal#close" class="tw-relative"> Refine 0 filter#clearFilters keydown.enter->filter#clearFilters keydown.space->filter#clearFilters click->popover-modal#close keydown.enter->popover-modal#close keydown.space->popover-modal#close"> Refine popover-modal#close:stop"> By rating 1 (1) 2 (1) 3 (0) 4 (3) 5 (53) Apply sort-by#updateUrl" class="tw-peer tw-appearance-none tw-cursor-pointer tw-absolute tw-top-0 tw-left-0 tw-bottom-0 tw-right-0 tw-opacity-0 tw-z-10" name="sort_by"> Most relevant Date: Newest to oldest Sort November 15, 2016 We are using Stock&Buy to sync inventory between two Shopify accounts with different default currencies. The app is working well and seems to deal extremely well with the various and many issues we face. The app is considerably less expensive than others we had tried and has several valuable features we could not find in the others . The support and assistance we have received from Mohammed and his crew is unlike any I have received before. It is fast, friendly, accurate and has made the implementation of the software fairly seamless. I recommend it highly. Peter Kemp Show more Souqstoreonline Indonesia 2 months using the app Qoblex replied July 18, 2024 Thank you, Peter, for sharing your experience with Qoblex (formerly Stock&Buy)! We're thrilled that our inventory management software has been instrumental in syncing inventory between your two Shopify accounts with different currencies, handling various challenges effectively. It's also fantastic to hear that you find Qoblex considerably more affordable yet equipped with valuable features not found in other options. Your satisfaction about our customer support means a lot to us, and we highly appreciate your recommendation. Thank you for choosing Qoblex! -The Qoblex Team Show more April 30, 2019 Amazing how fast and seamlessly it starts working. All product fields and orders sync in a flash perfectly. It took just a few clicks and already it was tracking my inventory. Adds some must-have features for any e-commerce business compared to native shopify. Show more Aqua Lab Aquaria United States 2 months using the app Qoblex replied July 17, 2024 Thank you for sharing your wonderful experience! We're delighted to hear that our inventory management software has helped you with its speed and seamless integration. At Qoblex, our goal is to provide e-commerce businesses with powerful and efficient tools to manage their inventory effortlessly. It's great to know that our software has added essential features to enhance you e-commerce business compared to native Shopify. We appreciate your support and look forward to continuing to meet your inventory management needs! -The Qoblex Team Show more September 26, 2017 This app is one of the best investments ever! Our inventory problems have been solved. 90% of our products are bundles/composites and Stock & Buy works perfect with these type of products. Support is awesome! Show more Unelefante Mexico About 2 months using the app Qoblex replied July 17, 2024 We're thrilled to hear that our inventory management software, now rebranded as Qoblex, has been one of the best investments for your business and has effectively solved your inventory problems. It's also fantastic to know that Qoblex works perfectly with your bundles and composite products. We are glad to hear about your satisfaction with our customer support, and we look forward to continuing to support your business needs. Thank you for your feedback! -The Qoblex Team Show more March 3, 2017 Stock and Buy has been an awesome system to work with - it is straight forward and the support from the Stock and Buy team has been incredible. Questions are answered promptly and by the designers/owners themselves. The system is also easy to navigate, and to understand. It also deals with multi currencies, and large quantities of stock from many suppliers, which is what my business required. I would highly recommend this software to anyone. The integration to Shopify and Xero have also been seamless. Show more Sar Za United States About 2 months using the app Qoblex replied July 18, 2024 We're happy to hear that our inventory management software has been such a valuable tool for your business. We really appreciate your feedback about its ease of use, robust customer support from our team, and seamless integration capabilities with Shopify and Xero. Managing multi-currency transactions and large quantities of stock from multiple suppliers can indeed be complex, and we're pleased that Qoblex (formerly Stock&Buy) has met these needs effectively for you. Your recommendation means a lot to us. If there's anything more we can assist you with, please don't hesitate to reach out. -The Qoblex Team Show more March 3, 2017 Before downloading the app we asked for an hour long demo of the software. The founder kindly offered to do this himself. During the demo we found the app to be very well thought through and we were impressed enough to sign up to the $49pm package. We did however let them know that there were 3 areas which we felt could be improved. No less than 48hrs later they sent us our 3 fixes. Just like that! We couldn't believe it! Since starting to use it they been super accommodating it helping us where needed. We're massive fans of the app and really do recommend it (and the team behind the app!) Show more Action Gear Sa1 South Africa About 1 month using the app Qoblex replied July 18, 2024 Thank you for sharing your experience with Qoblex (formerly Stock&Buy)! We're delighted that you found our inventory management software appropriate for your needs, and we appreciate your feedback on areas of improvement. It's great to hear that our customer support team responded quickly to address your concerns. We are committed to enhancing our product based on our customers' input, and we're dedicated to continuing to provide the best service we can and ongoing improvements. Thank you for choosing Qoblex! -The Qoblex Team Show more March 22, 2017 Stock & Buy has been a life saver for us! We have two Shopify sites (retail & wholesale) and this app saves me so much time with new product setup, constant product maintenance, inventory, etc. It's so relieving to only have to make changes once instead of on both stores! Tahar has been absolutely amazing as well. He's always quick to help me with any questions I have! Show more Bumkins United States About 1 month using the app Qoblex replied July 18, 2024 Thank you for your feedback on Qoblex (formerly Stock&Buy)! We're happy to hear that our inventory management software has been a lifesaver for your two Shopify sites, streamlining new product setup, maintenance, and inventory management across both retail and wholesale operations. We understand the importance of efficiency in managing multiple stores, and we're delighted that Qoblex has been able to save you valuable time by centralizing these tasks. Tahar and our customer support team's commitment to providing the best support possible is a testament to our dedication to customer satisfaction. Thank you for choosing Qoblex! -The Qoblex Team Show more March 19, 2017 Very happy with Stock & Buy. The integrations with Xero and Shopify are exactly what we needed and the developers are very responsive and helpful as we are learning our way around the software. I am totally satisfied and happy that we decided to use this app over some of the other options. Show more Sipimpprta Australia About 1 month using the app Qoblex replied July 18, 2024 Thank you for sharing your positive experience with Qoblex (formerly Stock&Buy)! We're delighted to hear that our inventory management software has met your needs with seamless integration with Xero and Shopify. It's great to know that our responsive developers have been helpful as you navigate and learn the software. Your satisfaction is important to us, and we're committed to providing continued support to ensure Qoblex remains a valuable asset for our customers. Thank you for choosing Qoblex! -The Qoblex Team Show more June 28, 2017 After being directed to another Inventory Management Program and having nothing but issues and headaches, we decided to seek out a new Inventory Option for our Marine Product Manufacturing Company. Although we never heard of Stock & Buy, we decided to reach out to Tahar & Moh in order to learn more about their program & see if it would be a fit. During our initial demo, Tahar answered any and every question we had and we were able to discuss a road map for the features we would like to see implemented. After the demo we really liked the program, however there were features we would require, that it didn't currently offer. Tahar asked me to send him a large punch list and I didn't expect to hear back or see results for at least a few weeks. To my utter shock, when i came into the office after the weekend, 80% of our list was already completed and setup for us. Out of the remaining 20% of our list, Tahar & Moh informed me that about 1/2 of the remaining items were in development and we should see the progress at the end of the summer (due to the complexity of our request). The remaining few items, Moh told me he would take care of. Over the last 2 weeks, Moh has been nothing but the ultimate customer service & IT professional, and has been in constant communication with me to complete the few remaining items and together we have troubleshoot & found solutions to a few issues, that will help make Stock & Buy an Inventory Winner for years to come! I mentioned it above, but feel it deserves to be mentioned again. The customer service Stock & Buy has provided us is second to none and I would recommend them to any company looking for an Inventory/Order Management solution Show more Lat26 United States About 1 month using the app Qoblex replied July 17, 2024 Thank you for sharing your experience with Qoblex (formerly Stock&Buy)! We're thrilled that our inventory management software has made a significant impact on your company. From customer service to swiftly addressing your needs and implementing requested features, we're committed to ensuring Qoblex meets your requirements seamlessly. We appreciate your recommendation and look forward to continuing to support your business with our inventory management solution. -The Qoblex Team Show more September 5, 2021 I, Like a lot of people have been looking for a way to manage my inventory and Xero sync all in one and accurately. I was initially hesitant about the cost of Stock & Buy so decided to do the trial and demo. Honestly, this app has saved me soooo much time in inventory management and accounting. Just the simple aspect of syncing COGS and Purchase orders into Xero has made the world of difference, no more double entry or mistakes! Tahar's personal service and willingness to take on feedback has been very refreshing. I no longer feel like I'm in this online world alone having to fend for myself, the Stock & Buy team are actively making this app better and better with no end in sight. Support has been quick and efficient ensuring I can focus on running my business in a pandemic! Thank you Tahar and the wider team, you have truely changed my business practices for the better! Show more Toybox Tales Australia About 1 month using the app Qoblex replied September 6, 2021 We really appreciate you being a customer and helping to share the word about us. Thank you for your continuous contributions in improving our platform. We’re here for you anytime :) /Tahar on behalf of the Stock&Buy team Show more December 7, 2016 Great App, Great value. With 2 stores that share the same pool of inventory, this app has been a lifesaver. Add the INCREDIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE I get and I am very happy with my decision. Show more Mainandlocal Canada 29 days using the app Qoblex replied July 18, 2024 Thank you for your feedback! We're thrilled to hear that Qoblex has been a lifesaver for managing inventory across your two stores. It's great to know that you've found our inventory management software to be not only of great value but also backed by a reliable customer support team. Your satisfaction is our priority, and we're committed to providing continued support to our customers for their inventory management needs. Thank you for choosing Qoblex! -The Qoblex Team Show more 1 &hellip; 3 4 5 6 Previous 1 &hellip; 3 4 5 6 Next App categories Sales channels Finding products Selling products Orders and shipping Store design Marketing and conversion Store management Top categories Dropshipping Marketplaces Product reviews Upsell and bundles Email marketing SEO Shipping Currency and translation Resources Shopify Help Center API documentation Shopify Community Community Events Shopify Blog Research Shopify About Careers Investors Press and media Partners Affiliates Legal Service status Developer login Terms of service Privacy policy Sitemap Your privacy choices Čeština Dansk Deutsch English Español Français Italiano Nederlands Norsk (bokmål) Polski Português (Brasil) Português (Portugal) Suomi Svenska Türkçe ภาษาไทย 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 한국어 Log in to your Shopify store Store URL Don’t have a store yet? Sign up Log in Developer login Install To install this app you need to create a Shopify account or log in to an existing one and then select a store. Create a Shopify account Log in to an existing account By proceeding, you agree to Shopify's Terms of service and Privacy policy .
