Title: Kin Custom Fashion Dropshipper - Premium fashion merchandise for dropship, wholesale, and POD. | Shopify App Store
URL: https://apps.shopify.com/kincustom
Final-URL: https://apps.shopify.com/kincustom
Lane: demand
Source-Class: directory
Status: verified
Observed: 2026-07-11
Words: 1302
Query: site:apps.shopify.com reviews "support" "expensive" inventory returns wholesale

Kin Custom Fashion Dropshipper - Premium fashion merchandise for dropship, wholesale, and POD. | Shopify App Store Shopify App Store Search Browse apps Apps by category Sales channels Sync products with marketplaces, product feeds, data backup, point of sale, retail Finding products Source products with dropshipping, print on demand, wholesale, suppliers Selling products Sell more with subscriptions, digital downloads, payments, COD, product options Orders and shipping Handle fulfillment with order tracking, invoices, order printers, shipping labels Store design Customize storefronts with SEO, translation, currency converters, trust badges Marketing and conversion Get customers with reviews, bundles, upsells, checkout, email marketing Store management Scale up with support, chat, FAQs, analytics, workflow automation Guide BFS: Your shortcut to quality apps Guide 2025 Shopify Build Awards More stories Log in Start for free Apps by category Sales channels Finding products Selling products Orders and shipping Store design Marketing and conversion Store management App stories Guide BFS: Your shortcut to quality apps Guide 2025 Shopify Build Awards More stories Start for free Log in Kin Custom Fashion Dropshipper Pricing Free to install. Additional charges may apply. Free to install Popular with stores like yours Based in United States Rating 3.0 (24) Developer Kin Custom Install Featured images gallery + 2 more Close Previous Next Dropship high-quality merchandise + POD products, all white-labeled with your brand by Kin Custom. Kin Custom’s app is perfect for fashion merchants looking to scale effortlessly. We offer white label marketplace + POD with free custom branding, a 100% quality guarantee, and a high-quality, unique assortment. Shopify merchants can easily customize apparel with their brand and sell trendy products without worrying about inventory. Our app streamlines production, dropshipping, and fulfillment, allowing merchants to focus on growth while we handle the logistics and ensure top-tier quality. Kin Custom’s app is perfect for fashion merchants looking to scale effortlessly. We offer white label marketplace + POD with free custom branding, a 100% quality guarantee, and a high-quality, unique assortment. Shopify merchants can easily customize apparel with their brand and sell trendy products without worrying about inventory. Our app streamlines production, dropshipping, and fulfillment, allowing merchants to focus on growth while we handle the logistics and ensure top-tier quality. more Free Custom Branding: Your logo on labels, poly bags, packing slips and more! Fast & Reliable Dropshipping: We handle production, fulfillment, and shipping. Daily Product Updates: Add fresh, high-quality pre-designed white label fashion. POD Customization: Design and sell unique apparel with no inventory required. No Minimum Order: Gain exclusive benefits with no MOQ when using our app! Popular with stores like yours Based in United States Languages English Categories Dropshipping Show features Hide features Products you can sell Clothing and accessories Bags and luggage Sourcing locations China United States Wholesale Show features Hide features Pricing options Volume discounts Wholesale login Order management Order minimums Shipping options Pricing Choose the plan that best fits your business. Free Free to install The merchant must cover the cost and shipping charges for items sold. All charges are billed in USD. Reviews (24) Overall rating 3 Counts per rating level 5 42% of ratings are 5 stars 10 4 21% of ratings are 4 stars 5 3 8% of ratings are 3 stars 2 2 21% of ratings are 2 stars 5 1 8% of ratings are 1 stars 2 Write a review All reviews May 30, 2024 I've used KC as my sole vendor for years based on quality and shipping expertise. They are always quick to resolve any issues I've encountered and are willing to keep their systems updated to ensure a smooth integration between their app and the shopify system. I like their product selection and hope to see them expand their children's offerings. Show more Push For Progress United States About 3 years using the app Kin Custom replied June 3, 2024 Dear Push for Progress, Thank you for your review! We truly appreciate the time you took to share your thoughts and experiences! We are happy to hear that you've had great experiences with our client services team, our Shopify app, and that you are enjoying our product selection. If you have a moment, you can submit your suggestions regarding the children's offerings on our official feedback form here: https://www.kincustom.com/customer-feedback-request. Thank you once again for your feedback and for being a valued member of the Kin Custom community. Show more December 1, 2025 Doesn't integrate with automatic payments when an order is placed by a customer from the website. I must manually go to KIN and pay for each order before the order can be placed into production. This is a problem when many orders are coming in. Show more Jumper Maybach United States 3 months using the app February 22, 2024 We've used KC for almost a year. It took a little time in the beginning to learn the design process, but there is no doubt it is worth the time. The quality of the products and the colors that are reproduced are fantastic. It has raised the level of our brand working with KC. The bags, the hoodies, the cropped hoodies (really amazing), the footwear are all loved by our customers. We would also add that the customer service has always been responsive, and the ship times are very reliable. KC also keeps adding new products, which is a good sign that we can continue to grow with them. Easy 5-stars. Show more Mark Lindsay Collection United States 10 months using the app Kin Custom replied February 27, 2024 Hi Mark Lindsay Collection, Thank you for taking the time to leave us a review about our products and giving our customer service praise! We will be sure to share the shoutout and so glad you are enjoying the great benefits of Kin Custom. Keep on creating! Kin Custom Show more Support App support provided by Kin Custom. Resources Privacy policy FAQ Developer Kin Custom 2121 International Street, Columbus, OH, 43228, US Launched March 6, 2019 More apps like this app-card#handleClick " aria-pressed="false" role="button"> Syncee Premium AI Dropshipping 4.1 out of 5 stars (507) 507 total reviews • Free plan available Dropship high-profit products. Trusted US, EU, UK+ suppliers. popover-modal#close click->popover-modal#nop:stop resize@window-&gt;popover-modal#close" class="tw-relative"> popover-modal#toggle" class="tw-cursor-help tw-group/bfs-popover" aria-hidden="true"> Built for Shopify Meets our highest standards for performance, design, and integration. Learn more Opens in new window app-card#handleClick " aria-pressed="false" role="button"> FFOrder Dropshipping 4.9 out of 5 stars (260) 260 total reviews • Free to install Direct sourcing & seamless fulfillment to scale global sellers app-card#handleClick " aria-pressed="false" role="button"> MY ONLINE FASHION STORE 4.6 out of 5 stars (88) 88 total reviews • Free plan available Stock 10,000+ USA items. Simplify and automate dropshipping. Want to add an app? Try Shopify free for 3 days App categories Sales channels Finding products Selling products Orders and shipping Store design Marketing and conversion Store management Top categories Dropshipping Marketplaces Product reviews Upsell and bundles Email marketing SEO Shipping Currency and translation Resources Shopify Help Center API documentation Shopify Community Community Events Shopify Blog Research Shopify About Careers Investors Press and media Partners Affiliates Legal Service status Developer login Terms of service Privacy policy Sitemap Your privacy choices Čeština Dansk Deutsch English Español Français Italiano Nederlands Norsk (bokmål) Polski Português (Brasil) Português (Portugal) Suomi Svenska Türkçe ภาษาไทย 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 한국어 Log in to your Shopify store Store URL Don’t have a store yet? Sign up Log in Developer login Install To install this app you need to create a Shopify account or log in to an existing one and then select a store. Create a Shopify account Log in to an existing account By proceeding, you agree to Shopify's Terms of service and Privacy policy . This app isn’t compatible with your store Kin Custom Fashion Dropshipper is only compatible with stores that: Close Learn about app compatibility
