Title: Federal Register :: Beneficial Ownership Information Reporting Requirement Revision and Deadline Extension
URL: https://www.federalregister.gov/documents/2025/03/26/2025-05199/beneficial-ownership-information-reporting-requirement-revision-and-deadline-extension
Final-URL: https://www.federalregister.gov/documents/2025/03/26/2025-05199/beneficial-ownership-information-reporting-requirement-revision-and-deadline-extension
Lane: why-now
Source-Class: directory
Status: verified
Observed: 2026-07-11
Words: 11956
Query: site:federalregister.gov 2026 small business reporting deadline platform seller

Federal Register :: Beneficial Ownership Information Reporting Requirement Revision and Deadline Extension Skip to Content Home Sections Money Environment World Science & Technology Business & Industry Health & Public Welfare Browse Agencies Topics (CFR Indexing Terms) Dates Public Inspection Presidential Documents Search Document Search Advanced Document Search Public Inspection Search FR Index Reader Aids Reader Aids Home Office of the Federal Register Announcements Using FederalRegister.Gov Understanding the Federal Register Recent Site Updates Federal Register & CFR Statistics Videos & Tutorials Developer Resources Government Policy and OFR Procedures My FR My Account My Clipboard My Comments My Subscriptions Sign In / Sign Up Site Feedback Search the Federal Register Legal Status This site displays a prototype of a “Web 2.0” version of the daily Federal Register. It is not an official legal edition of the Federal Register, and does not replace the official print version or the official electronic version on GPO’s govinfo.gov. The documents posted on this site are XML renditions of published Federal Register documents. Each document posted on the site includes a link to the corresponding official PDF file on govinfo.gov. This prototype edition of the daily Federal Register on FederalRegister.gov will remain an unofficial informational resource until the Administrative Committee of the Federal Register (ACFR) issues a regulation granting it official legal status. For complete information about, and access to, our official publications and services, go to About the Federal Register on NARA's archives.gov. The OFR/GPO partnership is committed to presenting accurate and reliable regulatory information on FederalRegister.gov with the objective of establishing the XML-based Federal Register as an ACFR-sanctioned publication in the future. While every effort has been made to ensure that the material on FederalRegister.gov is accurately displayed, consistent with the official SGML-based PDF version on govinfo.gov, those relying on it for legal research should verify their results against an official edition of the Federal Register. Until the ACFR grants it official status, the XML rendition of the daily Federal Register on FederalRegister.gov does not provide legal notice to the public or judicial notice to the courts. Legal Status Rule modal#escClose" data-suggestions-target="modal"> modal#forceClose"> Enter a search term or FR citation e.g. suggestions#fillExample" class="example badge badge-info">88 FR 382 suggestions#fillExample" class="example badge badge-info desktop-only">30 FR 7878 suggestions#fillExample" class="example badge badge-info">2024-13208 suggestions#fillExample" class="example badge badge-info">USDA suggestions#fillExample" class="example badge badge-info desktop-only">09/05/24 suggestions#fillExample" class="example badge badge-info">RULE suggestions#fillExample" class="example badge badge-info desktop-only">0503-AA39 suggestions#fillExample" class="example badge badge-info desktop-only">SORN Choosing an item from full text search results will bring you to those results. Pressing enter in the search box will also bring you to search results. Choosing an item from suggestions will bring you directly to the content. Background and more details are available in the Search & Navigation guide. suggestions#goDefault"> suggestions#modal" placeholder="Enter a search term or CFR reference (eg. fishing or 1 CFR 1.1)" type="text" data-suggestions-target="nonModalInput" name="conditions[term]" id="suggestion"> suggestions#go"> suggestions#go"> Beneficial Ownership Information Reporting Requirement Revision and Deadline Extension A Rule by the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network on 03/26/2025 Published Document: 2025-05199 (90 FR 13688) This document has been published in the Federal Register . Use the PDF linked in the document sidebar for the official electronic format. Published Document: 2025-05199 (90 FR 13688) Document Details Published Content - Document Details Agencies Department of the Treasury Financial Crimes Enforcement Network CFR 31 CFR 1010 Document Citation 90 FR 13688 Document Number 2025-05199 Document Type Rule Pages 13688-13697 (10 pages) Publication Date 03/26/2025 RIN 1506-AB49 Published Content - Document Details PDF Official Content View printed version (PDF) Official Content Document Details Published Content - Document Details Agencies Department of the Treasury Financial Crimes Enforcement Network CFR 31 CFR 1010 Document Citation 90 FR 13688 Document Number 2025-05199 Document Type Rule Pages 13688-13697 (10 pages) Publication Date 03/26/2025 RIN 1506-AB49 Published Content - Document Details Document Dates Published Content - Document Dates Comments Close 05/27/2025 Effective Date 2025-03-26 Dates Text This rule is effective March 26, 2025. Written comments must be received on or before May 27, 2025. Published Content - Document Dates Table of Contents Enhanced Content - Table of Contents This table of contents is a navigational tool, processed from the headings within the legal text of Federal Register documents. This repetition of headings to form internal navigation links has no substantive legal effect. AGENCY: ACTION: SUMMARY: DATES: ADDRESSES: FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: I. Background II. The Interim Final Rule A. Overview of Rule B. Exempting Domestic Companies C. Reporting by Foreign Reporting Companies III. Basis for Issuing an Interim Final Rule IV. Effective Date V. Compliance With Other Authorities A. Executive Orders 12866 and 13563 1. Anticipated Changes to Expected Benefits 2. Anticipated Changes to Expected Costs B. Regulatory Flexibility Act C. Unfunded Mandates Reform Act D. Paperwork Reduction Act 1. BOI Reports 2. Individual FinCEN Identifiers 3. Totals E. Congressional Review Act List of Subjects in 31 CFR Part 1010 PART 1010&mdash;GENERAL PROVISIONS Footnotes Enhanced Content - Table of Contents Public Comments Enhanced Content - Public Comments Comments are no longer being accepted. See DATES for details. 137 comments have been received at Regulations.gov. Agencies review all submissions and may choose to redact, or withhold, certain submissions (or portions thereof). Submitted comments may not be available to be read until the agency has approved them. Docket Title Document ID Comments Beneficial Ownership Information Reporting Requirement Revision and Deadline FINCEN-2025-0001-0001 137 Enhanced Content - Public Comments Regulations.gov Data Enhanced Content - Regulations.gov Data FederalRegister.gov retrieves relevant information about this document from Regulations.gov to provide users with additional context. This information is not part of the official Federal Register document. Beneficial Ownership Information Reporting Requirement Revision and Deadline Docket ID FINCEN-2025-0001 Supporting Documents Ex Parte Communication- Meeting Summary 071725 Enhanced Content - Regulations.gov Data Sharing Enhanced Content - Sharing Shorter Document URL https://www.federalregister.gov/d/2025-05199 Email Email this document to a friend Enhanced Content - Sharing Print Enhanced Content - Print Print this document Enhanced Content - Print Document Statistics Enhanced Content - Document Statistics Document page views are updated periodically throughout the day and are cumulative counts for this document. Counts are subject to sampling, reprocessing and revision (up or down) throughout the day. Page views 35,662 as of 07/11/2026 at 10:15 am EDT Enhanced Content - Document Statistics Other Formats Enhanced Content - Other Formats This document is also available in the following formats: JSON Normalized attributes and metadata XML Original full text XML MODS Government Publishing Office metadata More information and documentation can be found in our developer tools pages . Enhanced Content - Other Formats Public Inspection Public Inspection This PDF is FR Doc. 2025-05199 as it appeared on Public Inspection on 03/25/2025 at 8:45 am. It was viewed 291 times while on Public Inspection. If you are using public inspection listings for legal research, you should verify the contents of the documents against a final, official edition of the Federal Register. Only official editions of the Federal Register provide legal notice of publication to the public and judicial notice to the courts under 44 U.S.C. 1503 & 1507 . Learn more here . Public Inspection Published Document: 2025-05199 (90 FR 13688) This document has been published in the Federal Register . Use the PDF linked in the document sidebar for the official electronic format. Document Headings Document headings vary by document type but may contain the following: the agency or agencies that issued and signed a document the number of the CFR title and the number of each part the document amends, proposes to amend, or is directly related to the agency docket number / agency internal file number the RIN which identifies each regulatory action listed in the Unified Agenda of Federal Regulatory and Deregulatory Actions See the Document Drafting Handbook for more details. Department of the Treasury Financial Crimes Enforcement Network 31 CFR Part 1010 RIN 1506-AB49 AGENCY: Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN), Treasury. ACTION: Interim final rule; request for comments. SUMMARY: FinCEN is adopting this interim final rule to narrow the existing beneficial ownership information (BOI) reporting requirements under the Corporate Transparency Act (CTA) to require only entities previously defined as &ldquo;foreign reporting companies&rdquo; to report BOI. Under this interim final rule, entities previously defined as &ldquo;domestic reporting companies&rdquo; are exempted from the reporting requirements and do not have to report BOI to FinCEN, or update or correct BOI previously reported to FinCEN. With limited exceptions, the interim final rule does not change the existing requirement for foreign reporting companies to file BOI reports, but it extends the deadline to file initial BOI reports, and to update or correct previously filed BOI reports, to 30 days from the date of this publication to give foreign reporting companies additional time to comply. However, the interim final rule exempts foreign reporting companies from having to report the BOI of any U.S. persons who are ( printed page 13689) beneficial owners of the foreign reporting company and exempts U.S. persons from having to provide such information to any foreign reporting company for which they are a beneficial owner. FinCEN is accepting comments on this interim final rule. FinCEN will assess the exemptions, as appropriate, in light of those comments and intends to issue a final rule this year. DATES: This rule is effective March 26, 2025. Written comments must be received on or before May 27, 2025. ADDRESSES: Comments may be submitted by any of the following methods: Federal E-Rulemaking Portal: https://www.regulations.gov . Follow the instructions for submitting comments. Refer to Docket Number FINCEN-2025-0001, the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) control number 1506-0076, and Regulatory Identification Number (RIN) 1506-AB49. Mail: Policy Division, Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, P.O. Box 39, Vienna, VA 22183. Refer to Docket Number FINCEN-2025-0001, OMB control number 1506-0076 and RIN 1506-AB49. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: FinCEN's Regulatory Support Section by submitting an inquiry at www.fincen.gov/&#8203;contact . SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: I. Background On January 1, 2021, Congress enacted into law the CTA as part of the broader Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020. [ 1 ] Section 6403 of the CTA, among other things, amends the Bank Secrecy Act (BSA) by adding a new section 5336, Beneficial Ownership Information Reporting Requirements, to subchapter II of chapter 53 of title 31, United States Code. This section established new BOI reporting requirements for many corporations, limited liability companies, and other similar entities operating in the United States. The CTA excludes from that general definition, however, specified categories of businesses. The CTA also authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury (Secretary) to exempt any other &ldquo;entity or class of entities&rdquo; for which the Secretary, with the written concurrence of the Attorney General and the Secretary of Homeland Security, has, by regulation, determined that &ldquo;requiring beneficial ownership information from the entity or class of entities . . . would not serve the public interest&rdquo; and &ldquo;would not be highly useful in national security, intelligence, and law enforcement agency efforts to detect, prevent, or prosecute money laundering, the financing of terrorism, proliferation finance, serious tax fraud, or other crimes.&rdquo;&thinsp; [ 2 ] In addition, section 5318(a)(7) of the BSA provides that the Secretary may make appropriate exemptions from a requirement in the BSA or regulations prescribed under the BSA. [ 3 ] Taken together, these provisions authorize the issuance of regulations that may provide additional exemptions from the requirements of the CTA. The CTA requires the Secretary to prescribe regulations to implement the CTA's reporting requirements. For most reporting companies, the CTA authorized the Secretary to allow up to two years from the regulation's effective date for reporting companies to file their initial BOI reports. The Secretary has delegated these and other CTA-implementing responsibilities to FinCEN, a bureau of the Department of the Treasury (Treasury). [ 4 ] On September 30, 2022, FinCEN published the Beneficial Ownership Information Reporting Requirements final rule (Reporting Rule), implementing the CTA's reporting requirements ( 31 U.S.C. 5336(b) ). The Reporting Rule became effective on January 1, 2024, and is codified in FinCEN's regulations at 31 CFR 1010.380 . [ 5 ] Section 1010.380 requires certain corporations, limited liability companies, and other similar entities (reporting companies)&thinsp; [ 6 ] to report certain identifying information about the reporting companies themselves, the beneficial owners who own or control them, and, for companies created on or after January 1, 2024, the company applicants who form or register them. [ 7 ] Section 1010.380 previously required domestic reporting companies and foreign reporting companies&thinsp; [ 8 ] created or registered to do business in the United States before the rule's effective date of January 1, 2024, to file initial BOI reports with FinCEN by January 1, 2025, one year after the effective date of the regulations. [ 9 ] Domestic reporting companies created in 2024 and those foreign reporting companies registered to do business in the United States in 2024 had 90 days to file their initial BOI reports with FinCEN. [ 10 ] Starting on January 1, 2025, section 1010.380 provided all reporting companies created or registered on or after that date with 30 days to file their initial reports. The January 1, 2025, deadline previously established in FinCEN's regulations has changed in light of litigation challenging the CTA. In two cases, district courts issued universal orders that preliminarily enjoined FinCEN from implementing and enforcing the CTA and the Reporting Rule or stayed the effective date of section 1010.380 on a nationwide basis. [ 11 ] First, on December 3, 2024, in Texas Top Cop Shop, Inc. v. Bondi, the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, Sherman Division, issued an order that preliminarily enjoined the government from enforcing the CTA and stayed its implementing regulation's reporting deadlines. [ 12 ] The government appealed and separately sought a stay of the district court's order ( printed page 13690) pending that appeal, and on January 23, 2025, the Supreme Court granted a stay pending appeal of that order. [ 13 ] Second, on January 7, 2025, in Smith v. U.S. Department of the Treasury, the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, Tyler Division, issued a similar preliminary order that prevented the government from enforcing the CTA against the plaintiffs and stayed the effective date of the implementing regulation during the pendency of that litigation. [ 14 ] The government appealed and sought a stay of this order, which the district court granted on February 18, 2025. The district court's stay of its order lifted the last remaining nationwide order preventing FinCEN from implementing and enforcing the CTA and section 1010.380. Recognizing that the reporting deadlines set by section 1010.380 for many companies had already passed while those deadlines were stayed by court order and that companies would need additional time to comply, FinCEN extended the reporting deadlines for most reporting companies until March 21, 2025. [ 15 ] In addition, FinCEN announced that during the 30-day extension period, it would &ldquo;assess its options to further modify deadlines, while prioritizing reporting for those entities that pose the most significant national security risks.&rdquo;&thinsp; [ 16 ] On March 2, 2025, Treasury announced the suspension of enforcement of the CTA against U.S. citizens, domestic reporting companies, and their beneficial owners, and Treasury further announced its intent to engage in a rulemaking to narrow the Reporting Rule to foreign reporting companies only. [ 17 ] II. The Interim Final Rule A. Overview of Rule FinCEN is exercising the authority under 31 U.S.C. 5336(a)(11)(B)(xxiv) to exempt domestic reporting companies from the Reporting Rule and the authority under 31 U.S.C. 5318(a)(7) to exempt foreign reporting companies from having to report the BOI of any U.S. persons who are beneficial owners of the foreign reporting company, as well as to exempt U.S. persons from having to provide such information to the foreign reporting companies for which they are a beneficial owner. Related to the second exemption, FinCEN is also exercising the authority under 31 U.S.C. 5318(a)(7) to revise the special rule associated with foreign pooled investment vehicles to exempt such entities from having to report the BOI of U.S. persons who exercise substantial control over the entity. First, this interim final rule exempts all domestic reporting companies, and their beneficial owners, from the requirement to file initial BOI reports, or to update or correct previously filed BOI reports, by excluding domestic companies from the scope of the term &ldquo;reporting company,&rdquo; pursuant to a determination made by the Secretary under 31 U.S.C. 5336(a)(11)(B)(xxiv) . The rule text provides for this change by redefining the term &ldquo;reporting company&rdquo; at 31 CFR 1010.380(c) to remove the previously defined term &ldquo;domestic reporting company&rdquo; at 31 CFR 1010.380(c)(1)(i) . By taking this step, any entity that meets the definition of the previously defined term &ldquo;domestic reporting company&rdquo; is no longer within the scope of the Reporting Rule. Moreover, FinCEN is adding an exemption to the list of exempted entities at 31 CFR 1010.380(c)(2) . This exemption is applies to &ldquo;any entity that is: (A) a corporation, limited liability company, or other entity; and (B) created by the filing of a document with a secretary of state or any similar office under the law of a State or Indian tribe.&rdquo; Second, this interim final rule exempts foreign reporting companies, and their U.S. person beneficial owners, from the requirement to provide the BOI of any U.S. persons who are beneficial owners of the foreign reporting company. The rule text provides for this change by adding an exemption at 31 CFR 1010.380(d)(4)(i) : &ldquo;Reporting companies are exempt from the requirement in 31 U.S.C. 5336 and this section to report the beneficial ownership information of any U.S. persons who are beneficial owners.&rdquo; It also adds an exemption at 31 CFR 1010.380(d)(4)(ii) : &ldquo;U.S. persons are exempt from the requirements in 31 U.S.C. 5336 and this section to provide beneficial ownership information with respect to any reporting company for which they are a beneficial owner.&rdquo; Foreign reporting companies that only have beneficial owners that are U.S. persons will be exempt from the requirement to report any beneficial owners. Related to the second exemption, this interim final rule revises the special rule associated with foreign pooled investment vehicles at 31 CFR 1010.380(a)(b)(2)(iii) to exempt foreign pooled investment vehicles from having to report the BOI of U.S. persons who exercise substantial control over the entity. Under the special rule, foreign pooled investment vehicles that would be a reporting company but for the exemption at 31 CFR 1010.380(c)(2)(xviii) , and are formed under the laws of a foreign country, are required to report beneficial ownership information solely with respect to an individual who exercises substantial control over the entity. If more than one individual exercises substantial control over the entity, the entity is required to report information with respect to the individual who has the greatest authority over the strategic management of the entity. FinCEN has revised the rule text such that foreign pooled investment vehicles must report the BOI of an individual who exercises substantial control over the entity if that individual is not a U.S. person. If more than one individual exercises substantial control over the entity and at least one of those individuals is not a U.S. person, the entity must report information with respect to the individual who is not a U.S. person who has the greatest authority over the strategic management of the entity. If there is no individual with substantial control who is not a U.S. person, the foreign pooled investment vehicle is not required to report any beneficial owners. This interim final rule otherwise retains the requirement for foreign reporting companies, and their beneficial owners (excluding U.S. persons), to report their BOI to FinCEN, while extending the deadline for those companies to file initial BOI reports, or update or correct previously filed BOI reports, to 30 days after the date of this publication or 30 days after their registration to do business in the United States, whichever comes later. FinCEN is accepting comments on this interim final rule. FinCEN will assess the exemptions, as appropriate, in light of those comments and intends to issue a final rule this year. B. Exempting Domestic Companies The CTA recognizes that BOI reporting requirements impose burdens on businesses. The CTA therefore directs the Secretary to &ldquo;minimize burdens on reporting companies associated with the collection of the ( printed page 13691) information . . . in light of the private compliance costs placed on legitimate businesses.&rdquo;&thinsp; [ 18 ] The CTA also authorizes the Secretary to exempt from the reporting requirements &ldquo;any entity or class of entities&rdquo; if the Secretary, with the written concurrence of the Attorney General and the Secretary of Homeland Security, determines that &ldquo;requiring beneficial ownership information from the entity or class of entities . . . would not serve the public interest&rdquo; and &ldquo;would not be highly useful in national security, intelligence, and law enforcement agency efforts to detect, prevent, or prosecute money laundering, the financing of terrorism, proliferation finance, serious tax fraud, or other crimes.&rdquo;&thinsp; [ 19 ] In issuing the Reporting Rule, FinCEN estimated the burdens imposed on businesses. FinCEN estimated the total aggregate labor costs for reporting companies filing initial BOI reports in the first year of the Reporting Rule to be $21.7 billion and for reporting companies filing initial BOI in future years to be $3.3 billion annually. [ 20 ] FinCEN estimated the total aggregate labor costs for reporting companies filing updated BOI reports in the first year to be $1.0 billion and in future years to be $2.3 billion. [ 21 ] Estimates for the five-year average cost were $6.9 billion for initial reports and $2.0 billion for updated reports. [ 22 ] FinCEN also noted that many comments stated that &ldquo;the proposed reporting requirements are excessively onerous&rdquo; and &ldquo;focused on how the proposed reporting requirements might negatively affect small businesses.&rdquo;&thinsp; [ 23 ] FinCEN further noted that multiple comments stated that &ldquo;costs to comply with the proposed reporting requirements would hurt small businesses during financially difficult times.&rdquo;&thinsp; [ 24 ] While explaining that it &ldquo;is sensitive to concerns from small businesses about having to comply with a new set of regulations, and has endeavored to minimize unnecessary compliance burdens,&rdquo; FinCEN recognized that achieving the CTA's goal of collecting information that is &ldquo;highly useful&rdquo; while &ldquo;minimiz[ing] burden on reporting companies&rdquo; requires a &ldquo;delicate balance.&rdquo;&thinsp; [ 25 ] On January 20, 2025, there was a change in presidential administrations, which has resulted in a reassessment of the balance struck by the Reporting Rule. On January 31, 2025, President Trump issued Executive Order (E.O.) 14192, Unleashing Prosperity Through Deregulation, which announced an Administration policy &ldquo;to significantly reduce the private expenditures required to comply with Federal regulations to secure America's economic prosperity and national security and the highest possible quality of life for each citizen&rdquo; and &ldquo;to alleviate unnecessary regulatory burdens placed on the American people.&rdquo; Consistent with the exemptive authority provided in the CTA and the direction of the President, the Secretary has reassessed the balance between the usefulness of collecting BOI and the regulatory burdens imposed by the scope of the Reporting Rule. The Secretary, with the written concurrence of the Attorney General and the Secretary of Homeland Security, has determined for purposes of this interim final rule that the reporting of BOI by domestic reporting companies and their beneficial owners &ldquo;would not serve the public interest&rdquo; and &ldquo;would not be highly useful in national security, intelligence, and law enforcement agency efforts to detect, prevent, or prosecute money laundering, the financing of terrorism, proliferation finance, serious tax fraud, or other crimes.&rdquo; The Secretary is aware that most domestic reporting companies that are not already covered by a statutory exemption are small businesses and that any regulations affecting them must recognize this fact. As the preamble to the Reporting Rule states, &ldquo;[s]mall businesses are a backbone of the U.S. economy, accounting for a large share of U.S. economic activity, and driving U.S. innovation and competition.&rdquo; The vast majority of domestic small businesses are legitimate and owned by hard-working American taxpayers who are not engaged in illicit activity. The Secretary has assessed that exempting them would ensure that the Reporting Rule is appropriately tailored to advance the public interest, considering the burdens imposed by the regulations without sufficient benefits. The Attorney General and the Secretary of Homeland Security have concurred that collecting BOI from domestic reporting companies would not be &ldquo;highly useful in national security, intelligence, and law enforcement agency efforts.&rdquo; The Secretary's determination is also consistent with the direction of the President, including as set forth in E.O. 14192 , Unleashing Prosperity Through Deregulation. In conducting this reassessment, the Secretary has considered that failure to require BOI reporting by domestic reporting companies could result in illicit finance risks, as Treasury has acknowledged. For example, the preamble to the Reporting Rule noted that Treasury's 2022 National Money Laundering Risk Assessments identified lack of timely access to BOI as a key weakness within the U.S. anti-money laundering/countering the financing of terrorism (AML/CFT) regulatory regime. [ 26 ] The preamble to the Reporting Rule also noted that while FinCEN's 2016 customer due diligence rule increased transparency by requiring covered financial institutions to collect a legal entity customer's BOI at the time of an account opening, [ 27 ] it did not address the collection of BOI at the time of a legal entity's creation, and BOI collected at the time of a legal entity's creation provides additional insight into the original beneficial owners of the entity. [ 28 ] The Secretary has taken illicit finance risks into account in considering the usefulness of collecting BOI, the burdens such collection imposes on the public, and the public interest. Additionally, the Secretary has considered alternative sources of information to mitigate risks. For example, the continuing requirement for covered financial institutions to collect a legal entity customer's BOI at the time of account opening will serve to mitigate certain illicit finance risks associated with exempting domestic reporting companies from reporting their BOI. Consistent with 31 U.S.C. 5336(a)(11)(B)(xxiv) , and after conferring with the Department of Justice and the Department of Homeland Security and receiving written concurrences from the Attorney General and the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Secretary has directed FinCEN to issue this interim final rule exempting domestic reporting companies and their beneficial owners from the reporting requirements imposed through the Reporting Rule. The Secretary has also directed FinCEN to solicit comments on the approach taken in this interim final rule; the Secretary and FinCEN will assess this exemption, as appropriate, in ( printed page 13692) light of those comments, and FinCEN intends to issue a final rule this year. C
