Title: Federal Register :: Reporting and Recordkeeping Requirements Under Office of Management and Budget Review
URL: https://www.federalregister.gov/documents/2026/01/29/2026-01779/reporting-and-recordkeeping-requirements-under-office-of-management-and-budget-review
Final-URL: https://www.federalregister.gov/documents/2026/01/29/2026-01779/reporting-and-recordkeeping-requirements-under-office-of-management-and-budget-review
Lane: why-now
Source-Class: directory
Status: verified
Observed: 2026-07-11
Words: 1862
Query: site:federalregister.gov 2026 small business reporting deadline platform seller

Federal Register :: Reporting and Recordkeeping Requirements Under Office of Management and Budget Review Skip to Content Home Sections Money Environment World Science & Technology Business & Industry Health & Public Welfare Browse Agencies Topics (CFR Indexing Terms) Dates Public Inspection Presidential Documents Search Document Search Advanced Document Search Public Inspection Search FR Index Reader Aids Reader Aids Home Office of the Federal Register Announcements Using FederalRegister.Gov Understanding the Federal Register Recent Site Updates Federal Register & CFR Statistics Videos & Tutorials Developer Resources Government Policy and OFR Procedures My FR My Account My Clipboard My Comments My Subscriptions Sign In / Sign Up Site Feedback Search the Federal Register Legal Status This site displays a prototype of a “Web 2.0” version of the daily Federal Register. It is not an official legal edition of the Federal Register, and does not replace the official print version or the official electronic version on GPO’s govinfo.gov. The documents posted on this site are XML renditions of published Federal Register documents. Each document posted on the site includes a link to the corresponding official PDF file on govinfo.gov. This prototype edition of the daily Federal Register on FederalRegister.gov will remain an unofficial informational resource until the Administrative Committee of the Federal Register (ACFR) issues a regulation granting it official legal status. For complete information about, and access to, our official publications and services, go to About the Federal Register on NARA's archives.gov. The OFR/GPO partnership is committed to presenting accurate and reliable regulatory information on FederalRegister.gov with the objective of establishing the XML-based Federal Register as an ACFR-sanctioned publication in the future. While every effort has been made to ensure that the material on FederalRegister.gov is accurately displayed, consistent with the official SGML-based PDF version on govinfo.gov, those relying on it for legal research should verify their results against an official edition of the Federal Register. Until the ACFR grants it official status, the XML rendition of the daily Federal Register on FederalRegister.gov does not provide legal notice to the public or judicial notice to the courts. Legal Status Notice modal#escClose" data-suggestions-target="modal"> modal#forceClose"> Enter a search term or FR citation e.g. suggestions#fillExample" class="example badge badge-info">88 FR 382 suggestions#fillExample" class="example badge badge-info desktop-only">30 FR 7878 suggestions#fillExample" class="example badge badge-info">2024-13208 suggestions#fillExample" class="example badge badge-info">USDA suggestions#fillExample" class="example badge badge-info desktop-only">09/05/24 suggestions#fillExample" class="example badge badge-info">RULE suggestions#fillExample" class="example badge badge-info desktop-only">0503-AA39 suggestions#fillExample" class="example badge badge-info desktop-only">SORN Choosing an item from full text search results will bring you to those results. Pressing enter in the search box will also bring you to search results. Choosing an item from suggestions will bring you directly to the content. Background and more details are available in the Search & Navigation guide. suggestions#goDefault"> suggestions#modal" placeholder="Enter a search term or CFR reference (eg. fishing or 1 CFR 1.1)" type="text" data-suggestions-target="nonModalInput" name="conditions[term]" id="suggestion"> suggestions#go"> suggestions#go"> Reporting and Recordkeeping Requirements Under Office of Management and Budget Review A Notice by the Small Business Administration on 01/29/2026 Published Document: 2026-01779 (91 FR 3949) This document has been published in the Federal Register . Use the PDF linked in the document sidebar for the official electronic format. Published Document: 2026-01779 (91 FR 3949) Document Details Published Content - Document Details Agency Small Business Administration Document Citation 91 FR 3949 Document Number 2026-01779 Document Type Notice Page 3949 (1 page) Publication Date 01/29/2026 Published Content - Document Details PDF Official Content View printed version (PDF) Official Content Document Details Published Content - Document Details Agency Small Business Administration Document Citation 91 FR 3949 Document Number 2026-01779 Document Type Notice Page 3949 (1 page) Publication Date 01/29/2026 Published Content - Document Details Document Dates Published Content - Document Dates Comments Close 03/02/2026 Dates Text Submit comments on or before March 2, 2026. Published Content - Document Dates Table of Contents Enhanced Content - Table of Contents This table of contents is a navigational tool, processed from the headings within the legal text of Federal Register documents. This repetition of headings to form internal navigation links has no substantive legal effect. AGENCY: ACTION: SUMMARY: DATES: ADDRESSES: FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Background Summary of Information Collection (I) SBA Form 2483-SD&mdash;Paycheck Protection Program Second Draw Application (II) SBA Form 2483-SD-C&mdash;Paycheck Protection Program Second Draw Application for Schedule C Filers Using Gross Income (III) SBA Form 2484-SD&mdash;Paycheck Protection Program Second Draw Lender's Application for 7(A) Guaranty Solicitation of Public Comments Enhanced Content - Table of Contents Public Comments Enhanced Content - Public Comments Comments are no longer being accepted. See DATES for details. Enhanced Content - Public Comments Regulations.gov Data Enhanced Content - Regulations.gov Data Additional information is not currently available for this document. Enhanced Content - Regulations.gov Data Sharing Enhanced Content - Sharing Shorter Document URL https://www.federalregister.gov/d/2026-01779 Email Email this document to a friend Enhanced Content - Sharing Print Enhanced Content - Print Print this document Enhanced Content - Print Document Statistics Enhanced Content - Document Statistics Document page views are updated periodically throughout the day and are cumulative counts for this document. Counts are subject to sampling, reprocessing and revision (up or down) throughout the day. Page views 34 as of 07/11/2026 at 10:15 am EDT Enhanced Content - Document Statistics Other Formats Enhanced Content - Other Formats This document is also available in the following formats: JSON Normalized attributes and metadata XML Original full text XML MODS Government Publishing Office metadata More information and documentation can be found in our developer tools pages . Enhanced Content - Other Formats Public Inspection Public Inspection This PDF is FR Doc. 2026-01779 as it appeared on Public Inspection on 01/28/2026 at 8:45 am. It was viewed 5 times while on Public Inspection. If you are using public inspection listings for legal research, you should verify the contents of the documents against a final, official edition of the Federal Register. Only official editions of the Federal Register provide legal notice of publication to the public and judicial notice to the courts under 44 U.S.C. 1503 & 1507 . Learn more here . Public Inspection Published Document: 2026-01779 (91 FR 3949) This document has been published in the Federal Register . Use the PDF linked in the document sidebar for the official electronic format. Document Headings Document headings vary by document type but may contain the following: the agency or agencies that issued and signed a document the number of the CFR title and the number of each part the document amends, proposes to amend, or is directly related to the agency docket number / agency internal file number the RIN which identifies each regulatory action listed in the Unified Agenda of Federal Regulatory and Deregulatory Actions See the Document Drafting Handbook for more details. Small Business Administration AGENCY: U.S. Small Business Administration. ACTION: 30-Day notice; request for comments. SUMMARY: The Small Business Administration (SBA) will submit the information collection described below to the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) for review and clearance in accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, as amended, on or after the date of publication of this notice. SBA is publishing this notice to allow all interested members of the public an additional 30 days to provide comments on the collection of information. DATES: Submit comments on or before March 2, 2026. ADDRESSES: Written comments and recommendations for this information collection request should be sent within 30 days of publication of this notice to www.reginfo.gov/&#8203;public/&#8203;do/&#8203;PRAMain . Find this particular information collection request by selecting &ldquo;Small Business Administration&rdquo;; &ldquo;Currently Under Review,&rdquo; then select the &ldquo;Only Show ICR for Public Comment&rdquo; checkbox. This information collection can be identified by title and/or OMB Control Number, which are provided below. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: You may obtain information including a copy of the forms and supporting documents from the Interim Agency Clearance Officer, Shauniece Carter, at (202) 205-6536, or shauniece.carter@sba.gov , or from www.reginfo.gov/&#8203;public/&#8203;do/&#8203;PRAMain . SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Background Section 1102 of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act, Public Law 116-136 , authorized SBA to guarantee loans made by banks or other financial institutions under a temporary program titled the &ldquo;Paycheck Protection Program&rdquo; (PPP). These loans were available to eligible small businesses, certain non-profit organizations, veterans' organizations, Tribal business concerns, independent contractors, and self-employed individuals adversely impacted by the COVID-19 Emergency. SBA's authority to guarantee PPP loans expired on August 8, 2020. On December 27, 2020, SBA received reauthorization under the Economic Aid Act, Public Law 116-260 , to resume guaranteeing PPP loans through March 31, 2021. The Economic Aid Act also allowed certain eligible borrowers that previously received a PPP loan to receive a second draw PPP loan (&ldquo;Second Draw PPP Loan Program&rdquo;) and amended certain other PPP statutory provisions. On March 11, 2021, the American Rescue Plan Act, Public Law 117-2 , was enacted, amending various PPP statutory provisions. On March 30, 2021, the PPP Extension Act of 2021 was enacted, extending the SBA's PPP program authority through June 30, 2021. This information collection is used for the Second Draw PPP Loan Program. This approval is set to expire on January 31, 2026. Although SBA's program authority has expired, this information collection is still needed. Therefore, as required by the Paperwork Reduction Act, SBA is publishing this notice as a prerequisite to seeking OMB's approval to use this information collection beyond January 31, 2026. Summary of Information Collection Title: Paycheck Protection Loan Program&mdash;Second Draw. OMB Control Number: 3245-0417. (I) SBA Form 2483-SD&mdash;Paycheck Protection Program Second Draw Application Estimated Number of Respondents: 0. Estimated Annual Responses: 0. Estimated Annual Hour Burden: 14,962. (II) SBA Form 2483-SD-C&mdash;Paycheck Protection Program Second Draw Application for Schedule C Filers Using Gross Income Estimated Number of Respondents: 0. Estimated Annual Responses: 0. Estimated Annual Hour Burden: 9,316. (III) SBA Form 2484-SD&mdash;Paycheck Protection Program Second Draw Lender's Application for 7(A) Guaranty Estimated Number of Respondents: 0. Estimated Annual Responses: 0. Estimated Annual Hour Burden: 24,278. Solicitation of Public Comments SBA invites the public to submit comments, including specific and detailed suggestions on ways to improve the collection and reduce the burden on respondents. Commenters should also address (i) whether the information collection is necessary for the proper performance of SBA's functions, including whether it has any practical utility; (ii) the accuracy of the estimated burdens; (iii) ways to enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of the information to be collected; and (iv) the use of automated collection techniques or other forms of information technology to minimize the information collection burden on those who are required to respond. Shauniece Carter, Interim Agency Clearance Officer. [ FR Doc. 2026-01779 Filed 1-28-26; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 8026-09-P Published Document: 2026-01779 (91 FR 3949) Home Home Sections Money Environment World Science & Technology Business & Industry Health & Public Welfare Browse Agencies Topics (CFR Indexing Terms) Dates Public Inspection Executive Orders Search Document Search Advanced Document Search Public Inspection Search Reader Aids Office of the Federal Register Announcements Using FederalRegister.Gov Understanding the Federal Register Recent Site Updates Federal Register & CFR Statistics Videos & Tutorials Developer Resources Government Policy and OFR Procedures My FR My Clipboard My Subscriptions My Comments Sign In Information About This Site Legal Status Contact Us Privacy Accessibility FOIA No Fear Act Continuity Information Site Feedback
