Title: Federal Register :: Enhancement of Emerging Growth Company Accommodations and Simplification of Filer Status for Reporting Companies
URL: https://www.federalregister.gov/documents/2026/05/21/2026-10222/enhancement-of-emerging-growth-company-accommodations-and-simplification-of-filer-status-for
Final-URL: https://www.federalregister.gov/documents/2026/05/21/2026-10222/enhancement-of-emerging-growth-company-accommodations-and-simplification-of-filer-status-for
Lane: why-now
Source-Class: directory
Status: verified
Observed: 2026-07-11
Words: 97879
Query: site:federalregister.gov 2026 small business reporting deadline platform seller

Federal Register :: Enhancement of Emerging Growth Company Accommodations and Simplification of Filer Status for Reporting Companies Skip to Content Home Sections Money Environment World Science & Technology Business & Industry Health & Public Welfare Browse Agencies Topics (CFR Indexing Terms) Dates Public Inspection Presidential Documents Search Document Search Advanced Document Search Public Inspection Search FR Index Reader Aids Reader Aids Home Office of the Federal Register Announcements Using FederalRegister.Gov Understanding the Federal Register Recent Site Updates Federal Register & CFR Statistics Videos & Tutorials Developer Resources Government Policy and OFR Procedures My FR My Account My Clipboard My Comments My Subscriptions Sign In / Sign Up Site Feedback Search the Federal Register Legal Status This site displays a prototype of a “Web 2.0” version of the daily Federal Register. It is not an official legal edition of the Federal Register, and does not replace the official print version or the official electronic version on GPO’s govinfo.gov. The documents posted on this site are XML renditions of published Federal Register documents. Each document posted on the site includes a link to the corresponding official PDF file on govinfo.gov. This prototype edition of the daily Federal Register on FederalRegister.gov will remain an unofficial informational resource until the Administrative Committee of the Federal Register (ACFR) issues a regulation granting it official legal status. For complete information about, and access to, our official publications and services, go to About the Federal Register on NARA's archives.gov. The OFR/GPO partnership is committed to presenting accurate and reliable regulatory information on FederalRegister.gov with the objective of establishing the XML-based Federal Register as an ACFR-sanctioned publication in the future. While every effort has been made to ensure that the material on FederalRegister.gov is accurately displayed, consistent with the official SGML-based PDF version on govinfo.gov, those relying on it for legal research should verify their results against an official edition of the Federal Register. Until the ACFR grants it official status, the XML rendition of the daily Federal Register on FederalRegister.gov does not provide legal notice to the public or judicial notice to the courts. Legal Status Proposed Rule modal#escClose" data-suggestions-target="modal"> modal#forceClose"> Enter a search term or FR citation e.g. suggestions#fillExample" class="example badge badge-info">88 FR 382 suggestions#fillExample" class="example badge badge-info desktop-only">30 FR 7878 suggestions#fillExample" class="example badge badge-info">2024-13208 suggestions#fillExample" class="example badge badge-info">USDA suggestions#fillExample" class="example badge badge-info desktop-only">09/05/24 suggestions#fillExample" class="example badge badge-info">RULE suggestions#fillExample" class="example badge badge-info desktop-only">0503-AA39 suggestions#fillExample" class="example badge badge-info desktop-only">SORN Choosing an item from full text search results will bring you to those results. Pressing enter in the search box will also bring you to search results. Choosing an item from suggestions will bring you directly to the content. Background and more details are available in the Search & Navigation guide. suggestions#goDefault"> suggestions#modal" placeholder="Enter a search term or CFR reference (eg. fishing or 1 CFR 1.1)" type="text" data-suggestions-target="nonModalInput" name="conditions[term]" id="suggestion"> suggestions#go"> suggestions#go"> Enhancement of Emerging Growth Company Accommodations and Simplification of Filer Status for Reporting Companies A Proposed Rule by the Securities and Exchange Commission on 05/21/2026 This document has a comment period that ends in 9 days. (07/20/2026) View Comment Instructions Thank you for taking the time to create a comment. Your input is important. Once you have filled in the required fields below you can preview and/or submit your comment to the Securities and Exchange Commission for review. All comments are considered public and will be posted online once the Securities and Exchange Commission has reviewed them. You can view alternative ways to comment or you may also comment via Regulations.gov at /documents/2026/05/21/2026-10222/enhancement-of-emerging-growth-company-accommodations-and-simplification-of-filer-status-for . It appears that you have attempted to comment on this document before so we've restored your progress. Start over . Comment * What is your comment about? Upload File(s) Note: You can attach your comment as a file and/or attach supporting documents to your comment. Attachment Requirements . Email this will NOT be posted on regulations.gov Opt to receive email confirmation of submission and tracking number? Tell us about yourself! I am... * An Individual An Organization Anonymous First Name * Last Name * City Region State Alabama Alaska American Samoa Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Zip Country Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia, Plurinational State of Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, the Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine, State of Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthélemy Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin (French part) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten (Dutch part) Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of Viet Nam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Phone Organization Type * Company Organization Federal State Local Tribal Regional Foreign U.S. House of Representatives U.S. Senate Organization Name * You are filing a document into an official docket. Any personal information included in your comment text and/or uploaded attachment(s) may be publicly viewable on the web. I read and understand the statement above. Preview Comment Please review the Regulations.gov privacy notice and user notice . Published Document: 2026-10222 (91 FR 30086) This document has been published in the Federal Register . Use the PDF linked in the document sidebar for the official electronic format. Published Document: 2026-10222 (91 FR 30086) Document Details Published Content - Document Details Agency Securities and Exchange Commission Agency/Docket Numbers Release Nos. 33-11419 34-105515 File No. S7-2026-18 CFR 17 CFR 210 17 CFR 229 17 CFR 230 17 CFR 232 17 CFR 239 17 CFR 240 17 CFR 249 Document Citation 91 FR 30086 Document Number 2026-10222 Document Type Proposed Rule Pages 30086-30190 (105 pages) Publication Date 05/21/2026 RIN 3235-AN40 Published Content - Document Details PDF Official Content View printed version (PDF) Official Content Document Details Published Content - Document Details Agency Securities and Exchange Commission Agency/Docket Numbers Release Nos. 33-11419 34-105515 File No. S7-2026-18 CFR 17 CFR 210 17 CFR 229 17 CFR 230 17 CFR 232 17 CFR 239 17 CFR 240 17 CFR 249 Document Citation 91 FR 30086 Document Number 2026-10222 Document Type Proposed Rule Pages 30086-30190 (105 pages) Publication Date 05/21/2026 RIN 3235-AN40 Published Content - Document Details Document Dates Published Content - Document Dates Comments Close 07/20/2026 Dates Text Comments should be received on or before July 20, 2026. Published Content - Document Dates Table of Contents Enhanced Content - Table of Contents This table of contents is a navigational tool, processed from the headings within the legal text of Federal Register documents. This repetition of headings to form internal navigation links has no substantive legal effect. AGENCY: ACTION: SUMMARY: DATES: ADDRESSES: FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Table of Contents I. Introduction A. Exchange Act Reporting Prior to 2002 B. Accelerated Filer Status; Sarbanes-Oxley Act C. ICFR Requirements D. Actions Related to Smaller Reporting and Emerging Growth Companies 1. Establishment of SRC Status 2. The JOBS Act and EGC Status 3. Recent Amendments and Filer Status Complexity II. Discussion of Proposed Rules A. Large Accelerated Filer Status Amendments 1. Public Float Threshold 2. Public Float Determination 3. Seasoning Request for Comment B. Non-Accelerated Filer Amendments 1. Non-Accelerated Filer Definition 2. ICFR and the Auditor Attestation Requirement 3. Extension of SRC and EGC Accommodations and Disclosure Requirements a. Application of SRC Accommodations i. Scaled Disclosures Under Regulation S-K and Other Accommodations ii. Scaled Financial Statement Requirements Under Regulation S-X b. Application of Certain EGC Accommodations 4. Application to Other Filer Types 5. Summary of Requirements for LAFs and NAFs Under the Proposal Request for Comment C. Small Non-Accelerated Filers Request for Comment D. Proposed Transition Period Request for Comment E. Updating Small Entity Definitions Request for Comment F. Other Amendments Request for Comment III. Other Matters IV. Economic Analysis A. Baseline and Affected Parties 1. Regulatory Baseline a. Filer Statuses b. Reporting Requirements; Scaled Disclosures and Other Accommodations c. Proposed Rules 2. Affected Parties 3. Registrant Characteristics a. Public Float b. Assets c. Timing of Filings d. Internal Controls and Restatements e. Regulatory Burden B. Economic Benefits and Costs 1. General Economic Effects of the Proposed Amendments 2. Amendments to LAF Definition 3. Exemption From ICFR Auditor Attestation a. Potential Benefits of Eliminating the ICFR Auditor Attestation Requirement for Affected Registrants b. Potential Costs of Eliminating the ICFR Auditor Attestation Requirement for Affected Registrants 4. The Expansion of the Subset of Registrants Eligible for Extended Periodic Report Filing Deadlines 5. Extending SRC and Certain EGC Accommodations to All NAFs a. Scaled Financial Disclosures b. Scaled Non-Financial and Business Disclosures c. Scaled Executive Compensation and Corporate Governance Disclosures and Related Accommodations 6. Extending Filing Deadlines for the Smallest NAFs 7. Updating Small Entity Definition 8. Additional Considerations a. Differential Impacts Across Industries b. Other Commission Proposals c. Auditing Industry Impact 9. Aggregate Monetized Benefits and Costs a. Annual Monetized Benefits and Costs b. Present Values and Annualized Values of Monetized Benefits and Costs C. Anticipated Effects on Efficiency, Competition, and Capital Formation D. Reasonable Alternatives 1. LAF Public Float Threshold 2. Seasoning Requirement 3. Regulatory Accommodations for NAFs 4. SNFs E. Request for Comment V. Paperwork Reduction Act A. Summary of the Collections of Information B. Estimated Paperwork Burden Effects of the Proposed Amendments C. Incremental and Aggregate Burden and Cost Estimates D. Request for Comment VI. Congressional Review Act VII. Initial Regulatory Flexibility Act Analysis A. Reasons for, and Objectives of, the Proposed Action B. Legal Basis C. Small Entities Subject to the Proposed Amendments D. Projected Reporting, Recordkeeping, and Other Compliance Requirements E. Duplicative, Overlapping, or Conflicting Federal Rules F. Significant Alternatives Request for Comment Statutory Authority List of Subjects in 17 CFR Parts 210 , 229 , 230 , 232 , 239 , 240 , and 249 Text of Proposed Amendments PART 210&mdash;FORM AND CONTENT OF AND REQUIREMENTS FOR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, INVESTMENT ADVISERS ACT OF 1940, AND ENERGY POLICY AND CONSERVATION ACT OF 1975 Article 8 Financial Statements of Non-Accelerated Filers PART 229&mdash;STANDARD INSTRUCTIONS FOR FILING FORMS UNDER SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 AND ENERGY POLICY AND CONSERVATION ACT OF 1975&mdash;REGULATION S-K PART 230&mdash;GENERAL RULES AND REGULATIONS, SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 PART 232&mdash;REGULATION S-T&mdash;GENERAL RULES AND REGULATIONS FOR ELECTRONIC FILINGS PART 239&mdash;FORMS PRESCRIBED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 PART 240&mdash;GENERAL RULES AND REGULATIONS, SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 PART 249&mdash;FORMS, SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Appendix A&mdash;Form 20-F Form 20-F General Instructions B. General Rules and Regulations That Apply to This Form Part I Item 4A. Unresolved Staff Comments Item 11. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Part II Item 15. Controls and Procedures Appendix B&mdash;Form 10-Q Form 10-Q General Instructions A. Rule as to Use of Form 10-Q Footnotes Enhanced Content - Table of Contents Public Comments Enhanced Content - Public Comments Comments are being accepted - View Comment Instructions . Enhanced Content - Public Comments Regulations.gov Data Enhanced Content - Regulations.gov Data Additional information is not currently available for this document. Enhanced Content - Regulations.gov Data Sharing Enhanced Content - Sharing Shorter Document URL https://www.federalregister.gov/d/2026-10222 Email Email this document to a friend Enhanced Content - Sharing Print Enhanced Content - Print Print this document Enhanced Content - Print Document Statistics Enhanced Content - Document Statistics Document page views are updated periodically throughout the day and are cumulative counts for this document. Counts are subject to sampling, reprocessing and revision (up or down) throughout the day. Page views 1,614 as of 07/11/2026 at 10:15 am EDT Enhanced Content - Document Statistics Other Formats Enhanced Content - Other Formats This document is also available in the following formats: JSON Normalized attributes and metadata XML Original full text XML MODS Government Publishing Office metadata More information and documentation can be found in our developer tools pages . Enhanced Content - Other Formats Public Inspection Public Inspection This PDF is FR Doc. 2026-10222 as it appeared on Public Inspection on 05/20/2026 at 8:45 am. It was viewed 43 times while on Public Inspection. If you are using public inspection listings for legal research, you should verify the contents of the documents against a final, official edition of the Federal Register. Only official editions of the Federal Register provide legal notice of publication to the public and judicial notice to the courts under 44 U.S.C. 1503 & 1507 . Learn more here . Public Inspection Published Document: 2026-10222 (91 FR 30086) This document has been published in the Federal Register . Use the PDF linked in the document sidebar for the official electronic format. Document Headings Document headings vary by document type but may contain the following: the agency or agencies that issued and signed a document the number of the CFR title and the number of each part the document amends, proposes to amend, or is directly related to the agency docket number / agency internal file number the RIN which identifies each regulatory action listed in the Unified Agenda of Federal Regulatory and Deregulatory Actions See the Document Drafting Handbook for more details. Securities and Exchange Commission 17 CFR Parts 210, 229, 230, 232, 239, 240, and 249 [Release Nos. 33-11419; 34-105515; File No. S7-2026-18] RIN 3235-AN40 ( printed page 30086) AGENCY: Securities and Exchange Commission. ACTION: Proposed rule. SUMMARY: The Securities and Exchange Commission (&ldquo;Commission&rdquo;) proposes amendments to streamline filer statuses for Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (&ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;) reporting companies into two primary categories: large accelerated filers and non-accelerated filers. The Commission further proposes to raise the threshold and seasoning requirements for large accelerated filer status and extend certain existing accommodations and scaled disclosures, including those for smaller reporting companies and emerging growth companies, to all non-accelerated filers, while continuing to require compliance with non-scaled disclosure from large accelerated filers. The Commission also proposes to extend the deadlines to file periodic reports for the smallest non-accelerated filers, as measured by total assets. Finally, the Commission also proposes to update the rules that define which issuers are considered small entities for purposes of the Regulatory Flexibility Act (&ldquo;RFA&rdquo;). DATES: Comments should be received on or before July 20, 2026. ADDRESSES: Comments may be submitted by any of the following methods: Electronic Comments &#9675; Use the Commission's internet comment form ( https://www.sec.gov/&#8203;comments/&#8203;s7-2026-18/&#8203;enhancement-emerging-growth-company-accommodations-simplification-filer-status-reporting-companies ); or &#9675; Send an email to rule-comment@sec.gov . Please include File Number S7-2026-18 on the subject line. Paper Comments &#9675; Send paper comments to Vanessa A. Countryman, Secretary, Securities and Exchange Commission, 100 F Street NE, Washington, DC 20549-1090. All submissions should refer to File Number S7-2026-18. This file number should be included on the subject line if email is used. To help the Commission process and review your comments more efficiently, please use only one method of submission. The Commission will post all comments on the Commission's website ( https://www.sec.gov/&#8203;comments/&#8203;s7-2026-18/&#8203;enhancement-emerging-growth-company-accommodations-simplification-filer-statusreporting-companies ). Do not include personally identifiable information in submissions; you should submit only information that you wish to make available publicly. The Commission may redact in part or withhold entirely from publication submitted material that is obscene or subject to copyright protection. Studies, memoranda, or other substantive items may be added by the Commission or staff to the comment file during this rulemaking. A notification of the inclusion in the comment file of any such materials will be made available on the Commission's website. To ensure direct electronic receipt of such notifications, sign up through the &ldquo;Stay Connected&rdquo; option at www.sec.gov to receive notifications by email. A summary of the proposal of not more than 100 words is posted on the Commission's website ( https://www.sec.gov/&#8203;rules-regulations/&#8203;2026/&#8203;05/&#8203;s7-2026-18 ). FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Nabeel Cheema, Special Counsel, and Stephanie Sullivan, Associate Chief Accountant, Division of Corporation Finance, at (202) 551-3430, and Angela Mokodean, Senior Special Counsel, Division of Investment Management, at (202) 551-6792, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, 100 F Street NE, Washington, DC 20549. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: The Commission is proposing to amend or add the following rules and forms: ( printed page 30087) ( printed page 30088) Table of Contents I. Introduction A. Exchange Act Reporting Prior to 2002 B. Accelerated Filer Status; Sarbanes-Oxley Act C. ICFR Requirements D. Actions Related to Smaller Reporting and Emerging Growth Companies 1. Establishment of SRC Status 2. The JOBS Act and EGC Status 3. Recent Amendments and Filer Status Complexity II. Discussion of Proposed Rules A. Large Accelerated Filer Status Amendments 1. Public Float Threshold 2. Public Float Determination 3. Seasoning B. Non-Accelerated Filer Amendments 1. Non-Accelerated Filer Definition 2. ICFR and the Auditor Attestation Requirement 3. Extension of SRC and EGC Accommodations and Disclosure Requirements 4. Application to Other Filer Types 5. Summary of Requirements for LAFs and NAFs Under the Proposal C. Small Non-Accelerated Filers D. Proposed Transition Period E. Updating Small Entity Definitions F. Other Amendments III. Other Matters IV. Economic Analysis A. Baseline and Affected Parties 1. Regulatory Baseline 2. Affected Parties 3. Registrant Characteristics B. Economic Benefits and Costs 1. General Economic Effects of the Proposed Amendments 2. Amendments to LAF Definition 3. Exemption From ICFR Auditor Attestation 4. The Expansion of the Subset of Registrants Eligible for Extended Periodic Report Filing Deadlines 5. Extending SRC and Certain EGC Accommodations to All NAFs 6. Extending Filing Deadlines for the Smallest NAFs 7. Updating Small Entity Definition 8. Additional Considerations 9. Aggregate Monetized Benefits and Costs C. Anticipated Effects on Efficiency, Competition, and Capital Formation D. Reasonable Alternatives 1. LAF Public Float Threshold 2. Seasoning Requirement 3. Regulatory Accommodations for NAFs 4. SNFs E. Request for Comment V. Paperwork Reduction Act A. Summary of the Collections of Information B. Estimated Paperwork Burden Effects of the Proposed Amendments C. Incremental and Aggregate Burden and Cost Estimates D. Request for Comment VI. Congressional Review Act VII. Initial Regulatory Flexibility Act Analysis A. Reasons for, and Objectives of, the Proposed Action B. Legal Basis C. Small Entities Subject to the Proposed Amendments D. Projected Reporting, Recordkeeping, and Other Compliance Requirements E. Duplicative, Overlapping, or Conflicting Federal Rules F. Significant Alternatives Statutory Authority I. Introduction From their inception, the U.S. securities laws have sought to require full and fair disclosure by companies seeking to raise capital from investors and access the public markets. [ 6 ] In enacting broad investor protections and disclosure requirements under the securities laws, Congress also recognized the need to take into account the burdens of registration. [ 7 ] A core function of the Exchange Act is to extend disclosure-based investor protections that are provided for public offerings of securities under the Securities Act to post-distribution trading in the secondary markets. This is accomplished primarily by sections 12, [ 8 ] 13(a), [ 9 ] and 15(d)&thinsp; [ 10 ] of the Exchange Act, which impose periodic and current reporting requirements on companies: ( printed page 30089) with exchange-listed securities (section 12(b)); with widely held classes of equity securities (section 12(g)); or that have completed a public offering registered under the Securities Act (section 15(d)). [ 11 ] These registrants&thinsp; [ 12 ] must file reports prescribed by the Commission, which generally include annual reports on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. [ 13 ] With respect to investment companies, business development companies (&ldquo;BDCs&rdquo;) and face-amount certificate companies are also subject to these reporting requirements. [ 14 ] Over time, the Commission and Congress have adopted various &ldquo;filer statuses&rdquo; to establish tiers of registrants and offer certain accommodations by tier, including as to the timing and content of this periodic reporting. Current filer statuses include: Large accelerated filer (&ldquo;LAF&rdquo;), accelerated filer &thinsp; [ 15 ] (&ldquo;AF&rdquo;), and non-accelerated filer (&ldquo;NAF&rdquo;). &#9675; Filing deadlines for periodic reports depend on whether a registrant is classified as an LAF, an AF, or neither of these, which we refer to as an NAF. [ 16 ] &#9675; Only LAFs and AFs are required to have the registered public accounting firm that prepares or issues their financial statement audit report attest to, and report on, management's assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting (&ldquo;ICFR&rdquo;) (&ldquo;ICFR auditor attestation&rdquo;) under section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (&ldquo;Sarbanes-Oxley Act&rdquo;). [ 17 ] Smaller reporting company &thinsp; [ 18 ] (&ldquo;SRC&rdquo;) is a regulatory status that applies to smaller registrants permitting those registrants to comply with a number of scaled disclosure requirements, discussed in detail below, [ 19 ] which notably include scaled financial statement disclosure and scaled executive compensation disclosure, among other accommodations. Emerging growth company (&ldquo;EGC&rdquo;) is a statutorily-defined status that applies to registrants for the first five years after their initial public offering so long as they do not become an LAF or surpass revenue and debt issuance limitations. [ 20 ] The EGC accommodations are described more fully below&thinsp; [ 21 ] and notably include scaled financial statement disclosure in an EGC's initial public equity offering registration statement, deferred adoption of certain new or revised financial accounting standards, scaled executive compensation disclosure, and an exemption from the ICFR auditor attestation requirement. [ 22 ] The table below lists the periodic reporting deadlines that currently apply to LAFs, AFs, and NAFs. [ 23 ] ( printed page 30090) The filer status framework that has developed is layered and complex. [ 24 ] Under the current system, registrants must annually reevaluate their filer status at the end of their fiscal year. To do so, they consider both their public float&thinsp; [ 25 ] as of the end of their second fiscal quarter and their annual revenue, and compare those figures to thresholds that vary based on whether a registrant is entering or exiting a particular filer status. Additionally, registrants qualifying as EGCs must evaluate whether they met any of the disqualifying provisions of an EGC throughout the year. The table below illustrates the combinations of filer statuses that are possible today, highlights the overlap that can occur among filer statuses, and provides the entry thresholds for each status and the proportion of registrants in each permutation: [ 26 ] The table reflects the current thresholds for initially entering into a particular status, but, under existing rules, the thresholds are often different for determining when a registrant transitions out of that status. Under current rules, LAFs transition to AF status when their public float falls below $560 million, and AFs and LAFs transition out of either such status when their public float falls below $60 million or they determine that they are eligible to use the requirements for SRCs under the revenue test in paragraph (2) or (3)(iii)(B) of the smaller reporting company definitions in 17 CFR 230.405 and 17 CFR 240.12b-2 . Similarly, once a registrant exits SRC status, the registrant will only transition back into SRC status if its public float falls below $200 million, or its public float falls ( printed page 30091) below $560 million and its revenues fall below $80 million. [ 27 ] In addition, because the definitions for the accelerated filer statuses rely in part on SRC status, these transition thresholds also affect accelerated filer status determinations. In addition to the complexity of the current filer status framework, we note that the number of Exchange Act reporting companies filing on domestic forms fell from 6,996 in 2004 to 5,976 in 2024. [ 28 ] Unsurprisingly, a similar time period (2009-2017) saw significant growth in private markets, with p
