Title: Accounts Receivable Virtual Assistant | Remoto Workforce
URL: https://remotoworkforce.com/job-description/accounts-receivable-virtual-assistant/
Final-URL: https://www.remotoworkforce.com/job-description/accounts-receivable-virtual-assistant
Lane: spend
Source-Class: frontier
Status: verified
Observed: 2026-07-11
Words: 747
Query: virtual assistant job manual reconciliation spreadsheet invoices listings

Accounts Receivable Virtual Assistant | Nearshore Talent from Mexico Our Process Hire in Mexico Browse Talent by Role Find the right profile for your team Why Remoto Workforce Save up to 70% vs. U.S. hiring costs Resources Blog Hiring tips and remote work insights Free Guides Templates and interview frameworks FAQ Common questions about hiring in Mexico Company About Us Our story, mission and team Contact Get in touch with our team About For Candidates Contact Us Book Free Call Job profile Accounts Receivable Virtual Assistant Hire Remote Talent The Accounts Receivable Virtual Assistant is responsible for ensuring all incoming payments are received and processed. The Accounts Receivable Virtual Assistant requires individuals to keep a precise record of all incoming payments and to make contact with clients to ensure outstanding invoices are paid. The Accounts Receivable Virtual Assistant in this role ensure that all receipts are tracked and regularly check for any discrepancies in payments received. The Accounts Receivable Virtual Assistant generate revenue for companies by ensuring that clients are properly billed for goods or services. The Accounts Receivable Virtual Assistant work with other departments to ensure that the correct amounts are collected in a timely manner, verify and record transactions, resolve account discrepancies, and perform other tasks to secure client payments. Accounts Receivable Virtual Assistant Responsibilities: Prepares and processes bank deposits, credit card transactions and accounts receivable invoicing. Manages collections process for revenue and creates aging reports. Maintains spreadsheets and files and performs other clerical duties as assigned. Enters routine financial transactions into revenue accounting system and reconciles entry daily. Prepares monthly reconciliations. Updates our financial practices in our procedure manual. Responds to questions and requests for information from customers, auditors, employees, and others. Perform all auditing, administrative and routine tasks to prepare invoices and apply payments and post journal entries. Accounts Receivable Virtual Assistant Requirements: High school degree, technical school or related. Solid clerical and accounts receivable or basic accounting experience. Proficiency in Microsoft Excel is required. Strong experience using accounting systems. Excellent communication skills and the ability to interact professionally with clients and associates at all levels. Accounts Receivable Virtual Assistant – US & Canada Are you looking for a Accounts Receivable Virtual Assistant? Take a look at our Job Descriptions Board for US & Canadian businesses . Hire Remote Talent Job profile Discover more roles across different industries. Infrastructure & Operations CEO Remote Assistant Personal Remote Assistant Biodesign Research Professional Operational Driver Manager Business & Finance Remote Business Analyst Mortgage Remote Specialist Remote Recruiter Accountant Remote Assistant STEM & Tech Services Biomedical Engineer Remote Assistant Remote It Support Specialist Civil Engineer Remote Assistant Audio Engineer Public & Education Special Education Remote Teacher Lawyer Virtual Assistant Virtual Pharmacy Assistant Training and Development Specialist Our services Explore remote talent by industry Professionals across creative, technical, and business roles. Each candidate is carefully matched to your team’s needs, ensuring quality and cultural alignment. Explore Talent by Industry STEM & Technical Services Focused on science, technology, engineering, and digital infrastructure talent. learn more ➝ Infrastructure & Operations Focused on industries related to infrastructure, logistics, transportation, and operational services. learn more ➝ Public Services & Education Focused on education, healthcare, and public service sectors. learn more ➝ Business & Finance Corporate, financial, strategic, and professional service sectors. learn more ➝ Creative & Media Includes industries focused on design, content, communication, and creative production. learn more ➝ Get started The value of global talent and remote outsourcing Discover the cost and performance advantages of global recruitment and nearshore outsourcing. Payroll Cost Reduction U.S. and Canadian companies can cut payroll costs by up to 70% through nearshore staffing in Mexico. Global Hiring Made Simple Cross-border recruiting has never been easier. Explore the global talent pool and unlock new opportunities for growth. Book a call Access to Top Talent from Mexico More companies now turn to Mexico for skilled professionals who deliver remote services and operational efficiency. Lower Hiring Costs Businesses save up to 32% on cost per hire while gaining the flexibility to scale teams as needed. Newsletter Join the Remoto Workforce community Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. info@remotoworkforce.com 329 Howe St, Suite 2021, Vancouver, BC V6C 3N2, Canada. 888 307 1779 Quick Link About Remoto Workforce Guides & Downloads Blog FAQ Hire Talent Why Remoto Workforce Talent by Industry Staffing Agency Why Remoto For Talent Apply to Join Our Network © 2025. Remoto Workforce. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
