Title: Virtual Assistant Invoice Template | Invoice Templates | Indy
URL: https://weareindy.com/invoice-templates/virtual-assistant-invoice-template
Final-URL: https://weareindy.com/invoice-templates/virtual-assistant-invoice-template
Lane: spend
Source-Class: frontier
Status: verified
Observed: 2026-07-11
Words: 2278
Query: virtual assistant job manual reconciliation spreadsheet invoices listings

Virtual Assistant Invoice Template | Invoice Templates | Indy Product Why Indy? University Free Resources Network Pricing Sign in Sign in Start for free Invoices Invoice Templates Virtual Assistant Invoice Template Virtual Assistant Invoice Template Start for free Invoice Invoice # 011 Reference # BD-32 Issued Jan 31, 2023 Due Feb 14, 2023 From Your Name Your Company Your Address To Client&#x27;s Name Client&#x27;s Company Client&#x27;s Address Date Item Qty/hrs Rate Amount Oct 06, 2021 Managing email accounts - 1.00 0.00 Oct 01, 2021 Administrative services - 1.00 0.00 Oct 06, 2021 Scheduling appointments - 1.00 0.00 Subtotal $0.00 Discount -20.00 Total due -$20.00 Notes Hi Client&#x27;s ! Thanks so much for the continued business. Looking forward to the next project. Late fee If this invoice is unpaid by the due date, a non-compounding late fee as a percentage of the invoice total in the amount of 10% will be applied monthly to the outstanding amount. Thank you for your business. Ready to get started? Sign up now and get paid fast with invoices that make it easier for clients to pay you. Sign-up for free How it works Don&#x27;t wait another minute to get paid. Create your next invoice in minutes, accept flexible payment methods, and track the status of every payment in one place. Here’s how to get started: Sign up for a free Indy account Launch Indy’s invoice builder Edit your invoice in minutes Send it off with just a click Get paid fast Get paid quicker and easier Indy Invoice templates take the pain out of billing. Build and send an invoice in minutes. Personalize your invoices with your brand color and logo, and leave a nice message for your recipient. Accept payment by top credit and debit cards, check, wire transfer, direct deposit, and more. Add your unbilled time tracks to your invoices as line items for easy payment. Include discounts, late fees, and request deposits. Make single invoices or set up recurring billing. Send your invoices straight from Indy or export them to PDF to send them however you want. Keep track of each invoice’s status, so you know who has paid and who to remind. Set the estimates in your proposals to automatically generate invoices when accepted. Start for free Virtual Assistant Invoice Template FAQ What is a Virtual Assistant Invoice used for? The role of a virtual assistant (VA) is pretty broad and can encompass many different jobs and tasks. They are hard-working employees with a knack for listening, paying attention, and getting the job done. But a virtual assistant will only actually get paid if they submit an invoice and include all of the billable work. If you are a VA, you will need to submit a virtual assistant invoice on the agreed-upon dates. Depending on the contract, a VA invoice may include some or all of the following: Hours Worked: Most virtual assistants work to a strict hourly fee, and they will earn the same amount regardless of the work they do. The responsibility falls on the VA to track their hours throughout the billing period and then include all of these hours on the virtual assistant invoice. Jobs Completed: Work that is not paid by the hour will be paid by the contract. For example, a virtual assistant might be paid to send a fixed number of emails, copy/paste a certain amount of data, or complete other specific roles. In such cases, the contract should state what will happen in the event that a contract is halted before it’s finished. Expenses Incurred: What happens if the virtual assistant needs to purchase a specific tool or software subscription to complete their job? What if they are expected to travel to meet the client’s needs? Any time that expenses are incurred in this manner, they could be included on a virtual assistant invoice. Whatever you include on your virtual assistant invoice, make sure it is submitted on time and clearly defines all of the work you have completed and the expected payouts for completing it. By connecting your invoicing system to a bank account, or including the necessary account information, it will facilitate fast and problem-free payments and ensure you get paid quickly and in full. How do you bill for your virtual assistant work? You can bill your clients by sending them an invoice. There are a few things to get right with your billing. Here’s a short list: You can bill by the hour, milestone, or project. Hourly billing is really common and you can use Indy’s Time Tracker to track your hours easily. You can even add your time tracks to your invoices as line items. Milestone billing is useful for larger projects that will take place over several weeks or months. Set some milestones, such as the delivery of first stages, and send an invoice when those milestones happen. Billing by the project is very common for freelancers. Once the client approves the final proof, send them the bill. Many freelancers take a deposit at the beginning of the project. This protects you from shady clients and sets you up for cash flow success. Deposits up to 50% are normal. You should set out your billing and payment terms in your contract. If you don’t have a contract, use Indy’s Contracts tool to create one before you start work. Once you finish the work or pass the milestone, send the client an invoice. If you don’t have an invoice, you can use Indy’s invoice generator to create a professional invoice in just a few moments. That’s it! Those are the basics of how to bill someone for your work. How much to charge for your virtual assistant work? Short answer: Most freelancers work 36 hours per week and charge $21 per hour according to a survey by Payoneer. Experience level is the most important factor in determining the best hourly rate to charge. New freelancers usually charge a lower amount, while experienced experts charge two to three times the average rate for their industry. Knowing how much to charge for your work is a complicated area. We want to help freelancers, so we’re going to give you some general tips here about settling on the best amount to charge clients for your services. Let’s think about this from a few different perspectives: First, how much do you want/need to earn? You should create your rates to reflect what you need to earn. Keep in mind that you won’t get paid for some of the things you must do, such as preparing your taxes, looking for more customers, and weekly admin work. So, your hourly or project rate needs to be a little higher to make up for the unpaid work that is part of every freelancer’s life. Second, how much do others charge for similar services at your level of expertise and experience? This question can be a little difficult to answer, but you can just ask. Join a Facebook group and ask. Call a local competitor and ask. Once you know what they charge, you can go under that if you’re new to the market or over it if you’re the boss. Another massive item you should plan for is taxes. You’ll be paying your own taxes as a freelancer, so your rates should incorporate the taxes you’ll eventually have to pay. The average tax amount paid by Americans, for all taxes, is about 29%. This means you’ll end up paying $3 in taxes out of every $10 you earn. Price your work to pay your taxes and be left with the income you want. Your best rates will be different, because everyone’s market is different. What works on the East Coast might not be successful in Nevada. Try a few different price points until you find the rate clients accept and you can live on. How to create a virtual assistant invoice? This part is simple! Here’s a step-by-step guide to getting your invoice done: Open one of Indy’s Freelance Invoice Templates. Add your business branding and information. Insert your client’s contact information. Number your invoice in a useful way. Fill in the lines with your work completed and the cost per task/hour. Check the invoice total and details. Once you’ve finished these six steps, you are ready to send your invoice to your client. Save it in your Indy workspace or download it as a PDF. Then, email it to your client so they can pay you. Why Choose Indy? Indy offers an all-in-one platform for freelancers to manage all their admin work. When you sign up with Indy, your invoicing gets better because the other tools work together. For example, you can use Indy’s Time Tracker to note the time spent on a project. When you’re ready, the Invoice tool can automatically pull your unbilled hours for the project onto your invoice to make it ready to use. This makes your billing more accurate and saves time as well. When you set up your customers and projects with Indy, your entire workflow becomes smoother. Other Invoice Templates Accountant Invoice Template Actor Invoice Template Advertising Invoice Template Architecture Invoice Template Artist Invoice Template Attorney Invoice Template Start for free Indy University Explore our blog for more info on closing deals. Browse all articles Manage your time Google Calendar vs. Apple Calendar - Which One is Better? Be more productive How to Send Availability in Gmail Wondering how to send your availability through Gmail? Click to unlock the power of Gmail&#x27;s "Offer times you&#x27;re free" feature to streamline meeting scheduling. Learn how to effortlessly send your availability and revolutionize your coordination with clients and colleagues today! Marketing Best Patreon Alternative for Creators in 2023 Explore the best Patreon alternatives for creators. Discover unique features, pricing, and how tools like Indy can enhance your freelance journey. Relationship Building How to Negotiate with Brands as an Influencer Are you looking to get brands to pay you for sponsored content? Then learn how to negotiate with brands as an influencer. Invoices and money flow How to Invoice Brands as a Content Creator Invoicing is essential for content creators. Read on to find out how. Start Freelancing How Much Do Influencers Make? The rapid growth of influencer marketing has created complex revenue streams. This article looks at the breakdown of factors affecting them on different platforms. Invoices and money flow How to Get Sponsored on Pinterest Learn how to get sponsored on Pinterest with this simple guide that can help you negotiate with big brands for the best results. Manage your projects Scope of Work Documents for Freelancers: A Comprehensive Guide Learn how to create a scope of work document to manage projects and keep teams aligned. Master the art of project management with this comprehensive guide. Manage your projects How to Write a Scope of Work for Any Project In this article, we&#x27;ll explain what exactly a scope of work is, the benefits of creating one, and how to write one for any project. Read on to find out more. Finances The Ultimate Financial Guide for Freelancers: Avoiding Tax Pitfalls, Investing with No Sav... Looking for financial guidance as a freelancer? This comprehensive guide covers the most important things you need to know, from avoiding tax pitfalls to investing with no savings. Learn how to budget effectively and achieve long-term financial success with these must-read articles. Taxes and accounting Are Legal Fees Tax Deductible for Freelancers - What Attorney Fees Can I Deduct in 2023? Learn which legal fees are tax deductible in 2023, navigate tax laws, and save money by understanding what attorney fees can be deducted from your taxes. Client Management How to Choose the Best CRM for Your Freelance Business: A Guide to the Top 10 Option Indy tools Introducing ‘Digital Assistant’: Your Very Own AI Assistant for Writing Contracts and Prop... We are excited to introduce your new Digital Assistant! Start Freelancing Most Common Mental Health Problems Among Freelancers and How to Identify Them Most Common Mental Health Problems Among Freelancers (and How to Deal With Them) Indy tools Cross-Tools Automation Now Available for Proposals, Contracts, and Invoices Getting clients How to Identify Your Ideal Freelance Client Freelancers: Here’s How You Can Identify Your Ideal Client Marketing Does Every Freelancer Need a Website? How to Build Your Portfolio Website The Ultimate Guide to Building a Portfolio Website Getting clients Freelance Bio Examples: How to Write an Eye-Catching Bio? Learn how you can create a freelance bio that will attract audiences to your services with ease. Contracts How To Write An Influencer Contract: 12 Essentials For Your Checklist Getting clients How To Write a Business Proposal Email or Letter Invoices and money flow How to Write An Invoice and Get Paid Career path Free SWOT Analysis Template: Use This Tool to Plan Your Next Strategy Getting clients The Ultimate Guide to Digital Marketing Proposals Start Freelancing How to Get Started in Freelance Digital Marketing Getting started with something new is the hardest part. But if you&#x27;re looking to become a freelance marketer, check out our expert tips for making it happen. Contracts Graphic Design Retainer Contract PRODUCT Pricing Proposals Contracts Invoices Project portals Forms Files Tasks Calendar Time tracker Get Indy Pro INDY UNIVERSITY University homepage All courses Featured articles Articles directory Authors directory RESOURCES Contract templates Invoice templates Message templates Proposal templates Calculators Invoice generator Timer app Online Signature Maker COMPANY About Indy What&#x27;s new Compare Indy Help center Affiliate Program CONTACT US Partnership Investments SOCIAL Indy YouTube Channel Indy Podcast Facebook Instagram Twitter LinkedIn © 2026 Indy, a product and service of Indy Technologies, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Terms Copyright
