Title: B2BKing — Ultimate WooCommerce B2B and Wholesale Plugin — Wholesale Prices, Bulk Order Form &amp; More
URL: https://wordpress.org/plugins/b2bking-wholesale-for-woocommerce/
Lane: incumbent
Source-Class: directory
Status: verified
Observed: 2026-07-11
Structured-Source: WordPress Plugin API

Search niche: wholesale order
Name: B2BKing — Ultimate WooCommerce B2B and Wholesale Plugin — Wholesale Prices, Bulk Order Form &amp; More
Slug: b2bking-wholesale-for-woocommerce
Version: 5.2.30
Last updated: 2026-06-14 3:35pm GMT
Active installs: 10000
Rating: 98
Ratings: 105
Support threads: 1
Resolved support threads: 1
Short description: B2BKing is the complete solution for running a Wholesale, B2B or B2B + B2C hybrid store with WooCommerce.
Description:  B2BKing® is the complete solution for running a Wholesale, B2B or B2B + B2C hybrid store with WooCommerce. 🥇 Highest Rated B2B &amp; Wholesale plugin: 4.98/5 stars from 100+ reviews 🏆 Most Featured B2B Solution &#8211; Highlighted by WPLift, WPMayor, Envato, BusinessBloomer, GreenGeeks, LearnWoo and top WP industry sites. 🚀 B2BKing is a global bestseller powering 15,000+ active stores , backed by 6+ years of dedicated, monthly updates (134+ releases, currently v5.5 ) &#8211; making it the most trusted B2B solution for WooCommerce. ————————————————————————————————— 👉 Live Demo (Free) 👉 Documentation 👉 Check out B2BKing Premium B2BKing – #1 WooCommerce B2B and Wholesale Plugin B2BKing takes care of everything, from basic B2B requirements such as hiding prices for guest users, to advanced features such as tiered pricing structures, tax exemptions, VAT handling, multiple buyers per account, wholesale prices, catalog mode, order form, and more. From an extended business registration and separate B2B/B2C registration forms, to custom billing fields, an invoice payment gateway and negotiated price offers, B2BKing does it all. Free Plugin: Step-by-Step Guides 👉 How to set different prices for wholesale users Example: Product costs $199 for B2C buyers, and $179 for B2B buyers. 👉 How to apply a percentage discount on all products Example: Give B2B buyers a 10% discount on all products with a single rule. Free Plugin: Key Features Set wholesale prices (different prices for the same product) for simple and variable products. Organize customers into groups and set different prices, discounts or conditions for each group. Set different payment methods for each user or user group. Set different shipping methods for each user or user group. Configure discount percentages (e.g. 10% discount on all products for Wholesale buyers) easily with dynamic rules. Built-in CRM Hub and Customers page to manage B2B accounts, approvals, notes, files, and order history, all from one dashboard. View reports for B2B / B2C customers with data on gross and net sales, orders placed, order value, refunds, coupons and more. Works with any WooCommerce-compatible theme Fully translatable with Loco Translate or WPML Email notifications when a new customer requires approval, or when a customer account has been approved. B2BKing Premium Features Business Registration &amp; Custom Fields With the business registration feature you can configure comprehensive registration forms for your business customers, with 9 types of custom fields available. You can set automatic or manual approval, review applications, and assign customers to specific groups with different pricing and order rules. Multiple registration options, with manual or automatic approval 9 types of custom fields: text, dropdown, number, date, file upload, etc Make specific fields required (e.g. require a business license to register) Configure custom forms and add any field (company name, vat number, registration number etc) Fields can be added to billing and checkout forms Shortcodes for B2B registration allow you to set up dedicated registration pages Optional: For EU countries automatically validate VAT numbers via VIES Wholesale Order Form 3 Stunning order form themes: Cream, Indigo and Classic Quick AJAX Search allows customers to easily find products Search by product name or by SKU Sort products alphabetically or by best-selling status Shortcodes allow you to configure and add it to any page Private Store Hide prices for logged out users Hide shop &amp; products completely Require logged out users to request quotes Hide prices for specific products only Supports both B2B and hybrid B2B + B2C sites Dedicated mode for B2B-only sites Dedicated mode for hybrid B2B + B2C sites In hybrid sites, business features and pricing are visible to B2B users only Can be added to an existing B2C site without affecting existing users Invoice Payment Gateway Easily add an invoice payment gateway to your site Customers can order without immediate payment Compatible with popular PDF invoice plugins Enable invoice payments for B2B customers only Tiered Pricing Easily set up different prices based on quantity ordered Stunning tiered pricing table is automatically generated Tiered price table adapts to any theme Animated graphics highlight the current price Custom Information Table Custom table allows you to show any custom info Show MSRP, Shipping info, estimates or any other relevant info Different tables for each group and for B2B / B2C users Wholesale Prices Show both retail and wholesale prices to your business users Configure amount or percentage discounts Set up different prices directly for each user or group Content Restriction Shortcode Hide specific content from certain user groups using the content shortcode Show different order conditions, different product descriptions, etc. Apply group-specific CSS to achieve different designs for B2B and B2C users Conversations &amp; Messaging Plugin adds a conversation and messaging system for business users Users can send inquiries, quote requests and message back-and-forth Can be used to negotiate prices, answer questions and communicate seamlessly with business customers Automatic email notifications. Both users and store admins can initiate conversations. Quote Requests Users can request custom quotes for specific products and quantities Quote requests initiate conversations where terms can be discussed You can respond to quote requests with purchasable offers (more info in offers section) 9 types of custom quote fields can be configured Tax Exemptions Show prices excluding tax to B2B users and including tax to B2C users Remove tax for specific user groups only Tax exempt specific countries only Optionally remove tax based on VIES-validated VAT numbers Product Visibility Control Hide specific products or categories Hide items from user groups Hide items from individual users (by username) Purchase Lists Save purchase lists for later use (e.g. requisition lists) Add lists to cart and save order forms as lists Lists are displayed in each user&#8217;s My Account panel Offers &amp; Bundles Send promotional offers with special prices and discounts Respond to quote requests with dedicated offers Negotiate prices and offer special prices for each item Send offers as branded PDFs with your company logo Send offers by email Minimum and Maximum Order Rules Configure minimum and maximum order quantity or value Can be configured for the entire order, for specific categories, or specific products Can be configured for specific users or groups (e.g. B2C min order = $50, B2B min order = $1000) Free Shipping Rules Offer free shipping with specific products Set free shipping based on order value Set free shipping differently for B2B &amp; B2C (e.g. B2C = $200 free shipping threshold, B2B = $2000) CSV Import &amp; Export Tools for Pricing Easily configure prices in bulk through our dedicated price import tool Configure wholesale prices and tiered prices for B2C and B2B Integrated with WooCommerce import tool Package / Box / Carton Quantity Rules Configure a &#8216;package&#8217; quantity for each product Quantity multiples are enforced automatically. For example if the multiple is set to 6 for a product, the qty will go to 6, 12, 18, etc. Quick Orders via CSV Upload Easily add products to cart in bulk through a CSV upload Enter SKUs and product quantities in a CSV file Coupon Usage Restriction for B2B &amp; B2C Allow specific coupons for B2B, specific user groups, or B2C users only Purchase Order Gateway Adds a purchase order gateway Customers enter their PO number during checkout Can be enabled for B2B users only Separate Stock for B2B &amp; B2C You can configure different stock quantities for each product for B2B and B2C users You can hide stock info for B2C users and show exact quantities to B2B users only Products can be Always in Stock for B2B users Enable backorders for B2B-users only Subaccounts &amp; Employee Accounts Each business account can create subaccounts (e.g. employee accounts) Parent accounts can configure names, account details and permissions for subaccounts Multiple team members can collaborate on a conversation, order or purchase list Parent accounts can view subaccount orders, lists, etc. Company Order Approval When an employee account places an order, it will be sent for approval to the parent account Parent accounts can choose whether to enable or disable approval Parent account can approve or reject an employee order Parent account can pay for subaccount orders Customer-Specific Pricing You can set prices for specific products and specific individual users (by username). Through wholesale prices you can also configure prices for entire user groups or group discounts Custom Taxes and Fees You can add and configure custom taxes and fees through rules These can be applied to specific users or user groups only Minimum and Maximum Orders per Payment Method Set a minimum or maximum value or qty for each payment method For example, B2C customers can use Cash on Delivery for a maximum of $500, while B2B customers can use it for up to $2000. For example, Bank Transfer is enabled for $2000+ orders only Customer Group Rules Automatically promote users across groups when they hit certain targets For example when a user has ordered $100,000+, you can move them from &#8216;Normal group (5%) discount&#8217; to &#8216;VIP group (10% discount)&#8217; Payment Method Discounts &amp; Surcharges Configure a discount or a surcharge for paying with certain methods For example, apply a 5% surcharge (increased price) when paying with PayPal For example give a 10% discount to B2B users when paying with Credit Cards Advanced Dynamic Rules Rules can be set for specific products, categories, users and groups Hidden Price rule Buy X Get 1 Free rule Non-Purchasable rule Set Currency rules Price increase rules many more options Powerful Add-ons Company Credit &#8211; Extend a line of credit to your business users Dokan &#8211; Enable B2B &amp; wholesale for Dokan Multivendor Marketplace WCFM &#8211; Enable B2B &amp; wholesale for WCFM Multivendor Marketplace Powerful Integrations SalesKing &#8211; Powerful Sales Reps &amp; Sales Agents Plugin &#8211; Agents can place orders on behalf of your B2B customers MarketKing &#8211; Powerful Multivendor Marketplace Plugin &#8211; Build a WooCommerce B2B Marketplace using both B2BKing and MarketKing And much more&#8230; Many more features and integrations across features New features constantly added. Get in touch with us for pre-sales questions. 👉 Get B2BKing &#8211; The Ultimate WooCommerce Wholesale &amp; B2B Plugin Plugin Presentation Reviews ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ 🎉 &#8220;Easily the best solution for B2B functionality for WordPress. This one ticks all the boxes for a rich feature-set, ease of use, nice user interface, no issues or bugs whatsoever, and the professional and timely customer service.&#8221; 🎉 &#8220;I was looking a long time for something like b2bking. It is an absolute game changer at woocommerce and b2b solutions. The support cannot be better:)&#8221; 🎉 &#8220;B2BKing is easy to configure, looks professional, is seemlessly integrated into an existing WordPress &amp; WooCommerce environment, and best of all, it has superb customer support. Excellent product and experience.&#8221; 🎉 &#8220;Great Plug-in with all the functions a B2B shop may need. It was ideal for our Company since we use a multisite with retail and separate B2B shop that we need it to be hidden. Thank you also for the great and fast Support.&#8221; 🎉 &#8220;This plugin is by far the most promising! In order to do what this plugin does, you have to install many plugins, which cost money and are heavy. Lite with nice and easy UI&#8221; 🎉 &#8220;This is the best B2B plugin in the market &#8211; but not only that the plugin is amazing &#8211; and the customer support is out of the world &#8211; I wish that every plugi
